Professor Rumsey wants to see you succeed. Go to class she explains things well and is willing to help outside of class. For the midterm and final do all the problems on Carmen. Recitation can be done at home. My TA didn't speak English very well so I had to learn a lot by yourself. The M&amp;S Lab were not very willing or helpful with my questions.
The recitations were not helpful because it was just an hour long period where the tas neither taught or answered questions in a helpful manner. Notes were super unorganized and her midterm/final consisted of questions that were mention once in the notes. Don take stats here. Take the class at Columbus state where you get credit for 1430 and 2320!
Dr. Rumsey is one of the most caring professors I have met at OSU. She wants all of her students to succeed. She has great music taste and is extremely passionate about football. If you take her, you will not regret it. Statistics wasn't that challenging because she makes everything clear during lectures.
Definitely would recommend Dr. Rumsey. She cares about her students success and is really funny in lecture so theyre not boring. One midterm and cumulative final which are decently hard but overall the class wasnt extremely hard.
If you did well on midterm you prolly will get a good grade in the end. However, the midterm only covers a little bit what actual course material is. You don't even have to study the worksheets she gave you. I studied really hard on the worksheets and failed on the midterm lol
Deb was a great teacher but goes a little fast with lectures. Honors seemed as easy as regular and she made it even fun at some points. Like most courses, exams were a big part of the grade so study hard since recitations and participation barely do anything for your grade.
Dr. Rumsey was a good professor, that was helpful to students that reached out. You have to attend her lectures, but she provides guided notes that you have to follow along with. The tests were both pretty difficult, but she provides plenty of material to study and prepare for both of them. Only take this class if you are already a business student
Dr Rumsey is the best lecturer I've had. She really interacts with the class and tries to get to know you. She truly wants everyone to succeed and cares about her students. She's amazing def take her class if you can
Beware: the worksheets and homework are very easy; but, they are only worth about 15% of the total grade. The midterm was semi-difficult (avg. C) and it's worth 35% of your final grade. I got a C+ on the midterm and went from a 96% to an 85%. Even if I get 100% on the final, I will not be able to get an A in the class /: Best advice: go to class!
She is a great lecturer. The work can be kind of tricky, but if you're analytical you should get at least an easy B+. Mandatory Recitation.
Dr. Rumsey is a great stats professor. She's pretty funny and her lectures are very easy to understand.
Best big class Ive ever had at osu. If you put in just a little extra effort youre definitely going to succeed in this class. So many resources to reach out to and a lot of opportunities to boost your grade. Its just great
Go to recitation or you will not learn anything. Recitation grades and the carmen quizzes will save your grade because the exams are worded so poorly and are hard. I know exactly what to do on every recitation and in every carmen quiz and then got to the exam and felt so lost. Make sure you go to lecture because they take note checks in recitation.
Awesome lady!! Cares about her students and is willing to go over concepts until students understand them. Cares about how students feel about their recitation TAs as well which is soooo important! Gives you all the resources you need to succeed. Also starts class with fball vids which is so fun. No textbook needed!
Deb starts every lecture with football highlights and is genuinely engaged and invested in our learning. She makes a lecture hall feel like a classroom. Good teacher, great person! Lectures optional but recitations mandatory.
Dr. Rumsey is extremely intelligent and knows her stuff. Lectures are super boring, but it is stats, what do you expect? I recommend going because filling out the note outlines is the whole point of the class. Recitations are where you really learn the material. Midterm and Final are 70% of the grade, but have no surprises on them.
Lectures involved just copying what she wrote on the board. If you print out the notes and just fill them in, class goes quickly. Only midterm and final which I barely studied for.
As long as you attend every lecture and study the notes, this class should be an easy A.
Stats 1430 is not not difficult at all. Her Exams are basically from the notes. Exams are 70% of your final grade and there will be questions worded poorly. Best way to learn is by attending every recitations. Recitations will save your grade. HW is not bad at all. Just 10 questions quizzes on carmen.
Stats 1430 is not extremly difficult but the lectures from Professor Rumsey are alright. Her notes are structured so you have to print out blank slides online before class and fill them in. She doesnt upload complete notes as well. 70% of the class grade is based off 2 exams. Recitation is not bad and helpful but her class could be better
