WORST PROFESSOR I'VE HAD IN ALL MY GEN CHEM SERIES, AVOID AT ALL COST!!
Her exams are tough. Your best bet would be to understand the practice and textbook problems well. There is always a time crunch on the exams.
Dr. Carroll was a really good lecturer; she took the time to answer student questions and taught way better than just the textbook alone. Her tests are hard though, so be forewarned. You absolutely should read the textbook, do the HW, and do the additional practice problems. I did worse in 162 than 152, but that was because the material was harder.
Dr Carroll is my favorite chem prof. That includes over Craig or Li. She can come off as not caring but when you go to office hours she is very approachable and helpful. In office hours she would give hints on exams and more clarification. Her directions were very clear and i would have a worse grade if I didnt take her. But you have to WORK HARD.
Professor Carroll is great at teaching CHEM 162 and her lectures are interesting enough to keep you engaged. No past exams are provided, so you are expected to do the book problems in order to study and do well on the tests. I'd highly recommend looking for past exams though. Overall, attend lectures and do the homework and you should do fine.
Honestly CHEM 162 just sucks no matter which prof you will take. Carroll however, does not give any review material except for book problems so I was left asking my friends for old exams and the other sections for practice material. Exams are much harder than material in lecture, but as long as you understand book problems you should be fine.
Andrea as a person is awesome, approachable, and funny. However, her class is hard. I did all of the ALEKS, most of the end of chapter problems, attended class, and read the textbook before lecture and still did not do well. The labs are longer and more complex than 142 and 152 and the TA's are tough graders on the labs.
Writes the exams with no time to actually take them. Some of the material she asks us she never went over in class but expects you to be an expert. Brushes off topics but asks about them in GREAT detail on the tests. She makes them with the intention of failing students. CURVES TO A 2.7! Missed class once and got a 9/10 on polls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exams are awful, with barely any time to do them. Lecture is dull and dry. Gets mad at class for packing up, like we're elementary students. "Wait for the bell!" Ask her a question after class and she'll scoff at you. Classmates don't shut up during lecture so best just skip and watch Panopto. Terrible class, dull lectures, tough exams.
If you read the book before lecture, go to lectures, and do the practice problems she assigns in the book, you'll do well.
This class is a prep course for the chem sequence (CHEM142, CHEM152, CHEM162). Carroll taught the course well. She is brief, clear, and answers your questions. ALEKS, the readings, and the end of chapter problems are a huge part of this course and Carroll will remind you of their importance. You will have two midterms and a final. Study for them.
Use the textbook for practice problems - you don't need to read it. As a grader, she and her TA's are fairly tough - show ALL your work on calculation problems and label everything. (i.e. ApiR^2(3.14)(10cm)^2314cm^2 as opposed to ApiR^2314) As a person, she is very kind and approachable, so attend office hours as often as you can.
Her lectures are longwinded and the exams don't truly show what you know. If you decide to take her class make sure you do all your ALEKS otherwise you'll most likely fail.
Dr. Carroll was a great lecturer and was always very clear about what we would / would not need to focus on studying for exams. She published lists of exam topics at the start of the quarter. Do all of the assigned readings and all of the assigned practice problems and you will do well in the class. Overall very organized and good class.
Her classes are overwhelming and she's always in a rush because she wants to meet the course plan. Get ready to go through 30+ slides in 50 minutes and have 30 problems assigned per lecture. She assigns useless Aleks topics too. Oh, and if she doesn't have time for more slides in class, she WOULD post them online so you can go through them alone.
Her class was hard, I'm not gonna lie, but I would recommend her as a prof anyway.  She consistently covered exactly the material we were being tested on during lecture, she was engaging and fun, and she was very available for questions.
Good professor. Clear lectures. Seems like she has her stuff together, organized.
Great professor, very informative lectures. Tests are difficult and long, so make sure you practice doing problems for speed, not just accuracy.
Chem 110 is an extremely easy class, especially because it's credit/no credit. I got 100% on every exam and I felt that the tests were extremely fair. I had taken chemistry in high school and I never studied once for an exam. A lot of homework but it's super easy just a little time consuming!
Dr. Carroll is very well organized and she tells you clearly what is going to be on the midterms and final, no surprises. Read the textbook, go to lecture, do ALEKS, keep up on end of chapter questions, and go to her office hours. One complaint is that she goes a bit quick in her lectures. Other than that, great professor and manageable class.
