if you're like me and suck at math, then she isnt a good choice. she's ok at explaining concepts, but when she works out the problems she doesn't explain very well. there r clickers, tons of homework (keep up). tests are hard and short even though she has practice online; she likes tricky ?s. She drops the loweset exam grade; 4 exams, 8 assignments
Williamson was by far my favorite prof my freshman year. Chem is a hard class but her tests are very predictable and with all the homework and other assignment grades, there is a bit of a cushion. LOTS of online homework, be prepared for nightly homework. Took her for 101 &amp; 102 and I would take her again without a doubt, but 102 is much harder
Dr. Williamson is a great professor who really loves what she teaches. She gives students all the resources they need to succeed. I'm taking her again for 102.
She is a nice lady . Test are though not many questions . Studied TONS and went to A+ still got a B !
This class was really challenging for me. I HIGHLY recommend going to A PLUS tutoring, it helped me so much. Williamson was not very good at explaining. I learned a lot of things on my own time. Must attend class bc there are clicker questions every time. Her tests are very conceptual so you must know material.
She was a good prof, and she gave her all in teaching. The lectures are the most important part of the class. She requires clicker questions (questions in class that you have to answer with a remote that count toward the final grade). If you take GOOD NOTES and read the text, an A in the class is definite. Also, her practice exams are accurate.
Lectures are straight and to the point, and she does do clicker questions so make sure you come to class or it'll affect your grade. Her tests have concept based as well as mathematical questions, but as long as you do her online review tests and understand the homework, you'll get an A.
Williamson's lectures are very average, and her tests aren't simply math, it's also very conceptual. She gives you MANY resources to prepare for tests, if you dedicate yourself and use all her resources you should be okay. Attend class so you can get clicker points &amp; do all the homework, it''ll help you learn. (I did not take AP Chem in HS)
I don't have experience with any other chem professors, but Williamson was great. She really does care for her students a lot. There is homework due after every lecture, but don't let that scare you. It's pretty much just a completion grade because it lets you do it until you get it right. I would also recommend going to A plus for tutoring.
Dr. Williamson is an AMAZING professor. She gives a lot of homework, but it is helpful and good practice for her tests. Going to class isn't mandatory, but if you want extra credit, you definitely go for clicker points.
Dr. Williamson is an amazing prof and made the course very easy. I am taking her next semester as well. The only downside is that she goes out of the typical order which makes Lab a little more difficult, but I was still able to get an A in both. I would highly suggest her over the other options.
Dr. Williamson is the best! She provides fill-in-the-blank powerpoint slides and she's all about making sure her students understand. She is NOT memorization-heavy and is very caring. She provides tons of resources, including practice exams and videos working some of the practice exam problems. Very clear grading criteria, lots of help
Lots of homework on MindTap but it really helps to teach you. Her own private website is a gem and helped me pass this class. She posts practice exams there and tapes her lectures there as well. Going to Ryan's test reviews helps a TON, sometimes he can explain a topic better than her. She also drops a few bad grades to help boost your final grade.
I've never seen a professor put in so much effort for the class. Williamson will probably explain Chemistry better than any other professor available, and she offers a whole lot of small assignments to boost your grade. She has her TA do a review before the test, which I found to be super helpful
She has a personal website with all of her power points and taped lectures., which comes in super handy to study. Her tests are similar to her practice exams, and she gives partial credit, but the tests are really short. If you do the MindTap homework and the practice exams, you'll do really well. Go to Ryan's test reviews! They help a lot.
She really does care about the individual student but the course work is very hard to understand the concepts.
She is such an awesome person. I enjoy this class so much. Although it is hard material, she always tries to make it interesting with demonstrations in class. She is hilarious and keeps me entertained in class. Her tests are very conceptual based, but with all the resources she provides you can make a good grade if you study.
There's clicker questions, so you can't miss class. There's this major assignment due the first week it was 36 points and took several hours. After that its just homework on mind tap every other day. It does not really help you for the exam. Office hours are the best. Do what's on her frequently asked questions and Practice Exams. She's caring.
Easily the sweetest professor at A&amp;M. Cares for every single one of her students and their success. If you do poorly on exams, you have room to pick your grade up with her online assignments. Explains everything in an understanding way and doesn't make things unnecessarily hard. She's the best even if you don't care for chemistry!
If i had a dollar for every time she said "so the idea is" id be a millionaire
