Terrible Professor. Terrible attitude. Not Helpful at all. Exams are hard.
During lectures, she was repeatedly rude and condescending to students. Tests are pretty straightforward. Weekly homework and quizzes on WileyPlus.
Took this class 2x, once online and another physical lecture. I don't advise taking this class online AT ALL. She gives very little guidance even to her students attending the in-person lectures, so taking it online is harder. Your TA in recitation will likely be the one to rlly teach you everything so ATTEND RECITATION! That will save&amp;help you!
If you take this professor plan to study more than usual. The problems gone over in class don't go in to enough detail and you may feel rushed. The professor is very competent in her field. That being said she may be forgetting that this is possibly the first accounting class some students have taken.
She is a really tough grader. You can never pass her class with an A period. My manager gave the best midterm and final review and still, I got 89% Even my manager got mad for her giving me 89%. You have to write 6 Journals (30%), a research paper (30%), a research topic, which she will never accept the first time (5%), and two manager reviews (40%
DO NOT TAKE HER!
Harsh grader, rude and condescending. My best friend is an accountant and I've shown him some of her grading and it's a complete joke. She doesnt know how to treat people professionally. She calls students out for mistakes in front of 100 people and if you email her she gives you vague answers and accuses you of not studying. Only passing bc of TA
Hylton knows her stuff, but she's not a good professor at all. Honestly, TA's are the reason I passed this class. She's condescending and makes the class an uncomfortable environment to ask questions. Take advantage of recitation/tutoring hours if you want to do well. She'll make you question Acct as a major.. just a dreadful experience.
Tough professor, does not go into detail on material, if you take her plan on learning the calculations yourself.
Hylton does not go in depth during her lectures. This makes it difficult to understand the harder questions that appear on her test. Does NOT give straight answers at all. Good luck busting your ass to anyone else that has to take her class
Terrible professor. Does not help you at all. She's evil and she knows it. DO NOT TAKE HER.
Avoid her at all cost. Taking this class made my entire semester miserable. She wants you to study for her class and her class only. Got As and Bs in rest of my classes but got a C in her with twice more effort and studying time. Puts questions on test which she never went over. Worst professor I ever had and ever will have.
This class is one of the easiest class in my life. I didn't study at all and got a perfect on the exam. Homework problems help prepare you well for the exams. If you can do those without looking things up you should have an easy A. Also she is Hilarious and not afraid to call people out.
I do recommend her if you are an accounting major, take no other classes and have no personal life. Again, if you are in college to be an accountant, great, you will be a good one. But if you are not, the amount of work is excessive, the teaching method is outdated and ineffective, tests are badly designed. Again, she is only for accounting majors.
I had to take Constance for Accounting 203. I studied constantly and used the resources given to me, however I still was not able to score well on her tests. If you go to her for help she does give you very vague answers. I think she forgets we are just starting out in the beginner levels.
The worst educator I have ever had. Do NOT take this professor unless you enjoy repeating courses.
poor teaching
Professor Hylton has probably been my least favorite professor I have had while I have been at GMU. When I asked her for help, she would completely ignore me and would tell me to look it up for myself. I would not recommend. Beware of the second test.
Constance is a very tough grader when it comes to her 492 class. I don't understand where her grading comes from since it is not clear. Don't argue with her if you want a good grade. You don't know your grade until grades are posted on patriotweb so that sucks!!! If you can stick with her bs then you should be fine. She is very difficult to work w.
Read chap prior to each class so that you're not learning material for the 1st time w her. Lectures are more of a review rather than an in depth explanation. Do not expect to gain much understanding til recitation/tutor hours. Tons of resources like ORION in wileyplus USE THEM! 2nd &amp; 3rd exams are ridiculously difficult, do all exercises/quizzes
