Dr. Creasy is possible the best prof TAMU has. She is passionate about nutrition and so caring about all of her students. Not only is her class incredibly easy, she is just a sweet person who really wants to help you learn. I was in a car accident during the semester and she was patient with me and helped me get back on track. 10/10 recommend her.
Very easy class. Quizzes are open notes with multiple attempts. All discussion posts and projects are pretty straightforwards just make sure to look at the rubrics for everything. Tests are exactly like reviews and take questions from quizzes. Tons of extra credit available. Online tests require online proctoring. Should be easy A.
Dr. Creasy is the BEST! Food Processing is the best class I have yet to take at TAMU (I'm a food science nerd), but she really cares. She is so sweet, and genuinely wants you to do well. I learned so much, and was never super stressed about anything, which is a great combo. If you can take her, I would, and I'm sad I won't be in her class anymore.
I love Dr. Creasy! I have never had a prof that cared about their students more than she did. Her test are not that hard at all, just study the quizzes and the study guide she posts and you'll be good. She will definetly work with you if something comes up so don' tbe afraid to email her. 100% would recommend her to anyone!
Dr. Creasy is awesome. She has such a passion for nutrition which really makes the class interesting. I took Nutrition with her online, and it was harder than I thought it would be, but if you do the work it will show. It definitely wasn't a blow off class for me but she gives you all the elements you need to succeed. ONLINE TESTS ARE PROCTORED!!!
Dr. Creasy is super sweet and really cares about her students. The class was super easy as long as you read the rubrics for all assignments and read all of the powerpoints ( you don't have to listen to the videos). She gives a ton of extra credit opportunities and the tests are identical to the reviews. Quizzes are open note - basically an easy A.
Dr. Creasy is an angel, a complete gem. Not only is the class easy as heck but she cares SO much for her students. The class consists of easy weekly assignments, 2 projects, and 3 tests. Ngl, never studied for the tests made a 59, 70, &amp; 75. Still made an A in the class. She gives out 25 points worth of extra credit. 10/10 recommend this class!
Extremely nice prof!! Discussion posts and quizzes (3 attempts) are so easy, so many free points. 3 exams and no final. In person and online exam (proctored). Her lectures are in listening modules and she posts the ppt. You have to study for the exam though, you have to know your stuff to get A's on the exam. Extra credit too!
This is the best and most caring lady you could get! Her online class is very easy and will help you learn a lot! She makes sure you understand things and is very reasonable!!!
I couldn't possibly sum up how amazing this woman is in 350 characters. She is so understanding and genuinely cares about you and your grade. She is willing to meet on the weekends and past normal business hours in order to make sure you succeed. She is THE BEST person and professor I have ever had! 1000% would take her again!
I LOVED HER. Dr. Creasy is so nice and caring. She gave great lectures and notes. The class isnt a super easy A, her tests were not easy but she gave a study guide. Memorize it and you can get an A/B+. You have to go to class for fill in notes and clicker questions. Lots of extra credit and easy projects give you a good chance of an A.
Dr. Creasy was absolutely splendid! Took the summer class for a GPA booster, and it was just that. Had five quizzes that you could retake 3 times to get 100%, a few projects that required some work &amp; three exams identical to reviews. I came to meet her, and I spent almost two hours conversing w/ her about all things nutrition. Definitely recommend!
She's probably the nicest person in the world. So... yeah.
Dr. Creasy is the absolute sweetest professor I have ever had. I took this as a GPA booster &amp; that's exactly what it was. Super easy class if you put in minimum effort- a few quizzes, a few fairly easy projects, and 3 or 4 exams that you will pass if you study the hour before. Exams are proctored so no cheating. Lots of extra credit opportunities.
I LOVED DR. CREASY!! She loves what she does and her students! She gives a lot of extra credit so that helps. Start the diet analysis project early. She gives a lot of good feedback and responds to emails quickly.
This class was definitely an easy A. You can take the quizzes 3 different times so a 100 was easy. Discussion post and projects were graded easily and were basically a competition grade. Test were pretty hard but I made a B on all of them and still finished with a high A. She really cares about her students and gives lots of EC, TAKE THIS CLASS!
I LOVED this class. I took it online while i was in Europe and made an A. She really worked with her students and gave us an extra extra credit projects to help the grades. Quizzes were an easy 100 because you could retake the same quiz 3 times. The tests were a little tough, someone watches you. study for tests and do the exam review!!
Very manageable class if you put forth the effort. Best elective I've taken so far and solidified my interest in nutrition.
SOO caring and helpful. Gives extra credit and the homework outside of class is SO doable. I took this online, so my tests were proctored, but she gives you a study guide and the test is similar to those questions! I needed a 36% on the final to keep my A. She is so kind and understanding!! Take this class!!
tests are kinda hard, but it doesn't matter considering how many (extrmely easy) quizzes and weekly discussion posts you have to do. I needed a 35 on the final to get an A. TAKE THIS CLASS!
