If you're good at math take Maria Terrell, if not find another professor.
WORST professor I had for Math, ever! Highly opinionated and does not listen.
She was very enthusiastic about the material.  The material was pretty hard but the tests were straightforward.
She's a genius, but VERY disorganized prof. She had us use her unfinished textbook for Multi. That meant it was free, but also devoid of examples and not very helpful. Lectures were also disorganized, and discussions didn't help much. I passed the class thanks to her easy grading, but didn't learn the material. She's nice but I don't recommend.
Don't judge her according to the scores on this site. Professor Terrell is one of the best professors I've ever met at Cornell. She teaches me not only knowledge but also ways to think and how math is related to science. Prelims and finals are OK if you review all homework problems. Yes, she does seem a little weird, but it makes her lecture fun.
She was friendly, helpful, and always willing to give time to explain something. Tests were difficult, but fair. She inspired me to become a math major, and her lectures were incredible.
Dr. Terrell was one of the best profs I've had here so far. She was extremely committed to making sure you understood the material. Office hours were an incredible resource. You can tell she really cares about her students. She was trying out the textbook she was writing, so we got free printouts.
She was trying out a new book that she was writing, which was still a bit rough in some spots. She had a way of making complicated ideas more approachable and had a somewhat eccentric sense of humor.
Both my roommate and I had Maria for Math 1920. The vast majority of lectures are spent on theories that aren't that relevant to the core elements of the course. I would say that only 5% of the lecture topics actually appeared on tests and there is a terrible curve.
Professor Terrell was not helpful to me. One time in office hours, she made me wait 20 minutes so that she could finish writing a review about herself on this site. In the end, I passed the class thanks to the Calc I tutoring sessions done by another professor.
Ineffective lecturer. She struggles to make sense and gets on too many irrelevant tangents. Sometimes she goes over time without any consideration for those of us who have to get to another class.
Dr. Terrell is the best math professor I've had so far at Cornell. She really wants her students to understand the subject and puts a lot of effort into making the concepts more intuitive. She does a lot of examples in lecture that follow clearly to the homework. It's still the Cornell math department though, so tests are hard.
Awful lectures. Maria seems to be more committed to writing fake reviews on this board than to improve her teaching skills. Catch her offguard in office hours and you will see. Tests are somewhat fair. The worst part is the textbook which doesn't provide good examples.
This professor made learning multivariable calculus fun, stress free, and manageable. Her personality animated the lectures and she was a VERY good explainer. Great class. No complaints.
Really eccentric but one of the best lecturers I've had at Cornell. She really makes an effort to explain the math concepts instead of just writing down equations or doing constant proofs and theorems like 1910. Exams were okay except the final which was killer. She's not perfect but as far as 1920 is concerned she's fantastic at teaching it all.
Some complain that the tests are hard but that is not the case at all. I've compared her tests to those set by other professors who've taught the class. Her questions were easy and a straightforward application of the concepts, whereas other professors' required many layers of depth and demanded thorough understanding. Just pay attention in class.
Probably my favorite lecturer thus far. The material is hard but she does a great job coming up with simplified versions that are easy to understand. She is quite entertaining as well. I didn't always take notes in class because, being honest, sometimes I barely made it to 11 am class on Friday but just sitting in class was enough to learn a lot.
Terrell is very quirky but that makes lectures more interesting than they otherwise would be. Emphasizes geometry and thinking about a problem rather than following the same steps for each one. Prelims are reasonable and corrections are very helpful.
I really enjoyed 1920 with Terrell. Her lectures are clear and organized. She make s the class enjoyable with her quirky examples, and she adds some jokes here and there. If you put in some effort  you'll end up with a good grade!
An amazing professor who truly cares about how well her students learn the material and how they do in the class.
