She's so salty and always throws temper tantrums in office hours.
Not a great professor, but in EECS183 you can attend any lecturer you want, so don't worry if you get stuck with her. All lectures are recorded as well. She is very considerate in office hours, but is not a great lecturer...
Not too difficult of a class but she was both a bad teacher and a bad person. Least favorite professor I have had at UofM.
She's one of those people who thinks she's strong and bold, but is in reality just rude and very bitter.
My group for the final project went to meet with her because even the IAs couldn't find the problem with our code. She was condescending and ended up yelling at us and blaming us for not understanding concepts. Interestingly enough, the concept was something we had never even learned before... I would go to another professor if you have questions.
Terrible teacher. Always very rude and unhelpful.
Let's just say that Nic Cage speaks at a more consistent volume.  Lectures can get pretty boring.  One time one of the other EECS 183 lecturers subbed for us and that was pretty good.  I'd say go for another lecturer if you can but it won't impact your grade at all.  Super easy class
Definitely pay attention to the reading. That's how I learned all the material for the class. Her lecture is very boring and discussion is basically useless. Find friends to work on the projects with and don't get too hung up on exam grades. Start projects and assignments early of you WILL regret it. Overall, fun class!!
EECS 183 is easily the most frustrating class I've ever taken.  The lecture slides, as well as the online supplement material, covers a bare minimum of how implement code correctly.  The office hours are an absolute mess; if you don't have hours to dedicate to getting one question answered, don't waste your time going.  Don't take this class.
I went to her OH and started to doubt myself. She was so rude and didn't provide any helpful advice at all.
Went to her OH twice. First time, I had no idea what to do for a project and she was very rude about explaining anything. It was like she couldn't possibly understand why I was confused about anything on that project. Second time, I had a large part of another project done (thanks to the GSIs), and she was much nicer and helpful with my questions.
She can come off as rude, snobbish, or unhelpful , but ultimately she really wants to help students learn and be successful in one of the most challenging fields offered at Michigan. Work hard, stay on top of the material, form a study group, make a good team on the final project and you'll have a great experience.  I really liked her and the class
Her manner of speaking is extremely annoying, and she is quite rude and unhelpful in general. The class is pretty easy though, and thankfully, the rest of the staff is fantastic.
She's so. rude.
Dorf is the LEAST helpful professor I have ever had.  Her answers to students' questions are vague and often condescending.  She over complicated simple concepts and wastes class time on unrelated topics. The projects are boring and extremely exact.  Nearly impossible to complete without going to OH.  Very happy this class is over.
Dorf is extremely unsupportive and unpleasant to be around. She  makes a big deal about how "coding is for everyone" blah blah but if you have questions, she often makes you feel inferior. Her emails and comments on Piazza are very rude. Its time for her to retire honestly. Don't go to Dorf for help with this class, the IA's are your best bet.
Dorf isn't the best lecturer but you don't have to worry about her tbh. The IAs and Office Hours are the lifeblood of this class. Go to office hours and start early! Can't stress this enough! You will do well if you do that. Overall, really great class. It's set up extremely well and the projects are fun! I recommend it to everyone!
She's super annoying and is rude. If you ask for help and you don't know the answer she will be angry and is a very unpleasant person to be around.
One of the best teachers I've ever had - and definitely the most enthusiastic and knowledgeable programming instructor I've ever met. Really supportive/proud of her students. Make sure to not miss any lectures if you don't have to; do all of the CodeLab exercises/practice tests, and you'll be sure to do well in the class!
A very unpleasant and unhelpful person. Treats all students as if they don't know the meaning of hard work.
