You get four tests, and a homework grade worth 20%, the tests are very specific and if you do not study every night, you probably will not get an A. Did not expect this from anatomy and physiology one...
Would definitely not suggest this teacher. If you can take A&amp;P online definitely do. It is such a broad subject and her questions were super specific and there were very few assignments so if you have one bad grade its over.
I would not recommend taking this class with Mrs. Brown. She is very difficult. All she does is read straight off the power point and the power point does not contain the information you need. You basically have to teach your stuff. The wording of her test is very difficult and she likes to confuse you. The test are over 5 or more chapters.
Get ready to read, on your OWN. The class may be lecture heavy, but completely useless in teaching anything. Book is online and exams are quite difficult considering you must teach yourself. Does give bonus quizzes. Make sure to take notes and review them every single day and look back over every assignment.
It's obvious students who think the PPTs and tests differ don't delve into the material from the powerpoint. PPTs are not supposed to be end all be all. You must pay special attention to what the text says about what's highlighted in the PPTs. Don't be mad at her b/c you are lazy. You shouldn't be a nurse. College &amp; AP2 are supposed to be hard.
Martha Brown is such a sweet lady but when it comes to teaching, not the best. All she does is read straight from the power points and says the tests are based off of them but they definitely are not. This is the hardest class I've taken and I invested many hours into studying for this class, but still never passed a test. Don't take this class.
I took her for anatomy and physiology this semester and let me say that her class was TOUGH. She reads lots of PowerPoints, gives lots of homework, and gives extremely hard exams. If you have to take this class, beware that it requires a lot of dedication.
The class is extremely boring and hard the only why I suggested that you can passed the test is to study the Wiley plus homework. For the most part the test back question are going to be on the exam and just review the chapter power point. Over all if you can Get at least a 60 on your exam you will pass the class with a C.
This class is the meaning of anxiety. Martha Brown is passable, but it is very hard. She has 4 exams (3 and 1 final), homework grade (which she curves at the end), and also bonus quizzes. Her exams are VERY difficult because she teaches from a powerpoint and says the questions come from there, but they don't. If you major is nursing take it online.
I am a future PA student who would consider myself a smart student. But this teacher is just unreasonable. Her powerpoints do not have much information on them yet she tells you to study them. She shows videos instead of teaching you the material. Her tests are not straightforward though she acts like they will be!
Go to class. Study the PPTs. Not enough info on the PPTs to just study them w/o your class notes. Know the physiology, figures, and summary tables. Info will get left out from the book; don't worry about it. It's not hard to make a B but you need to dedicate a day per chapter of studying. Shocked so many people failed. How did you pass AP I?
Insanely boring! She will read nothing but power point slides for an hour and half while never actually teaching you anything. Don't ask her for help because she will not give it to you!! Her test will cover strictly the power point slides and things discussed in class, I highly suggest you attend class! I wouldn't take her class again, NOT EVER!!!
I took this professor for A&amp;P I and II and although both classes were challenging, they were passable. You must work hard though and be prepared to study. She also gives homework ,pop quizzes, and curves your final grade which help tremendously. Overall, I didn't find either of the classes too difficult to pass. I rcvd an A (A&amp;P I) and a B in II.
If you don't have to take this class PLEASE DON'T! I'm an honor student so I have to keep my gpa up, but this class was like 5 classes combined. It was extremely difficult. Thankfully, I passed with a B.
This professor is HORRIBLE! Avoid her by ANY MEANS NECESSARY! The book selected for the class is very detailed. She will say study the slides and not the book. However in order to pass you will have to review the slides, homework questions and read the text. She is not understanding and will brush off any of your concerns. You've been warned!
Unbelievably Boring Class! I really could not deal. I tried, honestly. She's older and I feel that she was probably great in her younger years. The tests, for me, were too much. 5 CHAPTERS packed in one test, and I hate Biology, so it was really too much for me. UGH!
I would not take this class. You can take it online or try to get Koontz or another anatomy teacher. Homework grades help, and she does curve. But her tested insanly hard. It will be over 7 chapters and still she will ask specific questions. I'm an all A/B student in all of my other classes &amp; I will barely pull a C in this class. Don't take!
Her tests are very difficult and require A LOT of studying to pass- the lectures don't really give you an idea of what will be on the actual exams. I didn't do well on my exams, but the homework and tutoring helped. She is kind with a soft voice so you need something to keep you alert during her lectures. She also doesn't mind answering questions.
Worst professor I've had. I make awesome grades in college and I made a awful grade in this one. HER ARE AWFUL. DO NOT TAKE HER. I wish I would've read her reviews, if you plan on taking her DON'T!!!! If you're a nursing major and need AP1 and AP2 find another professor!
Be ready to read. Lectures make it seem as if test will be straight forward which is not the case, but the class is passable. I passed with a B but most of the class had low Cs or dropped. Don't treat it like a cake walk and you'll be fine.
