An ideal spokesperson for Chem induction. Has been a consummate professional. Responds to email promptly, flexible with scheduling, comes to recitation to answer questions!! Tests on what she teaches, clear explanation of concepts, illustrative lectures, really a pro at teaching, and dry, sharp humor. Sit up front and ask her questions at lecture!
She is a very nice professor and funny. She is always willing to help you if you are having trouble and replies to emails fast. No tests are dropped and no tests are curved (one of the averages for a midterm was 64%). However, she does curve the class at the end.
She is very nice and makes an 8 AM not horrible. She is very helpful in help room so I often went when she was there. That being said her exams are very tricky. The averages for the exams were two C-'s and one had a D- average. There were times I had the right answer but changed it since the wording threw me off. She favors algebra over concepts.
Dr. H is a great teacher! Chem 1133 is a difficult class so be ready to show up to numerous office hours and do a lot of out of class studying.
Dr. Hendrickson is the reason I felt good about most of the concepts in chemistry. She teaches them in a logical way and takes feedback from students to be able to teach future students more well . Tests are tricky but it you put the effort in and do the practice tests you should be fine.
It's a chemistry course so it's not going to be easy. Wasn't the best professor I've taken but I think it was mainly my lack of interest in the material.
I think Dr. Hendrickson is a great teacher who puts a lot of effort into making her lectures informational and understandable. she is very accommodating. Her tests are tricky so make sure to read carefully. Textbook is not needed to do well in GenChem2, she posts extra practice problems online. Just make sure to study and you will do well in class
She is the best gen chem prof at CU. She is entertaining, easy to understand and has amazing lectures. The class is easy, just go to every lecture as participation counts, do practice exams and HW. The practice exams are past exams so they have similar problems. She is amazing and really cares about her students. If you can, take chem with her.
One of the best professors I've had. She's here to help, she's clear &amp; consice, and makes me laugh almost every day. So thankful I took chemistry from her (gen chem 1 &amp; gen chem 2) she does an amazing job even though the class and is lightly terrible and very difficult... but she makes it better!
Shes great! Interesting lectures and cool material that can be fun. However tests can be hard, I had never gotten under a B in a chemistry exam before and this course changed that. You will need to put some effort but it is ok because you will suffer happly because Hendrickson is hilarious.
She is an amazing professor! Her slides were clear and concise, and she teaches all the material that will show up on the test. She keeps class lively, and provides additional resources on D2L to help you succeed in her class. She's always willing to  help you if you ask, and she is one of the nicest professors I have ever talked too. Take from her
Hands down the best professor I have ever had. She makes learning chemistry understandable and easy to swallow. Very caring and wants all of her students to succeed. Her lectures are clear and concise, and makes sure you have all of the necessary tools to do well in the class! The content is definitely hard, but it's best to learn it from her.
Instructions for lab reports were cryptic and unclear on purpose. Tests were tricky on purpose. The help room is over crowded, different TAs give conflicting information, and the amount of effort put into the class is not earned back in the form of a good grade or in knowledge. Waste of time/$. Most frustrating endeavor in my young life.
Very caring professor. She's a good person but loves to trick you on exams. It's a tough class and the professor being nice doesn't change it. In terms of teaching i thought i learned the most through lecture and i enjoyed her demos. I took 2 semesters with her. Best Gen Chem prof if you need to take it, take it with her.
She will never make you feel like you don't belong in her classes. She makes lecture fun, and she has the best chemistry jokes you'll ever hear.
She is by far the best GenChem teacher here at CU. She is organized, presents the material in understandable terms, and makes sure you get the concepts. She's also super passionate and nerdy, and always brings jokes into the classroom. Highly recommend her.
Dr. Hendrickson is hands down the best professor I have ever had. Being in such a huge lecture hall, she recognizes that hand raises aren't common, and manages to anticipate our questions. Whenever a question on the topic came to my mind, it seemed like she would always answer it moments later. She's a wonderful lecturer!
This is definitely a weed out class. My best advice to you is to get help from a TA WHENEVER you don't understand a homework problem . If you struggle at all on the homework, you're not prepared for the test.
One of the best professors I've ever had! Dr. Hendrickson made lectures easy to attend and material easy to learn. 10/10 would take one of her classes again. Also had pretty cool demos, explained the math part of chem pretty well, and was super helpful at the helproom (which you should definitely take advantage of).
One of the best professors I've ever had! Dr. Hendrickson made lectures easy to attend and material easy to learn. 10/10 would take one of her classes again.
