Professor Nichifor is an AMAZING teacher. She explains things in great detail, makes sure to go over every component in a concept, and is very organized. I have struggled with math for all of my past math classes but when I had her as a professor, I succeeded with a 3.7.
was in the middle of using piazza when i had to go write this review because at midnight on a monday she was responding to students questions where they took a picture of their work, and she would respond by annotating their picture of their work. She is so thorough and hardworking. Goes above and beyond. Good at explaining too.
Professor Nichifor was an amazing teacher. She was always willing to explain even basic concepts multiple times and was so cute when she shared her nerdy math jokes before class. She broke down tough concepts into easily understood bits, and all of her lectures were really understandable. She worked really hard to be accessible outside of class :)
Online class. Highly recommend, since you don't need to go to class, nor quiz section and can re-watch any lecture over again. Super beneficial for midterm/final prep. Tests are on easier side. Explains extremely well. Caring for students' success. Homework is long for every math class so either way. Take her. Best math teacher.
Amazing professor that's great at explaining concepts.
Overall she is a very caring professor, and even curved our class very generously. However, at least for math, she lacks in the fact that she hasn't taught MATH 126 alot so there aren't a lot of previous midterms you can study off of. Additionally, her midterms lie on the easier side, so if you make a small mistake it will hurt your score more.
Clearly explains content and I was in an online lecture so I could always go back to whatever concept I wanted to review. There are a lot of homework and worksheet problems due online, so just make sure you set aside some time each day to work on them. She gives you a pdf course schedule so just stick to that and you will be fine. Available for Q's
She is an incredible teacher considering the difficulty of the subject. The tests are difficult, but she makes them as clear as she can considering the math department's rules. Also I loved how she focused more on concept than algebra, with the tests not too algebra heavy. 10/10 would choose her again for calc 3
Strong lecturer, probably one of the best math lecturers for introductory calculus courses at the University of Washington. Super clear. Amazingly interactive and kind. Take her!
I think she is very nice. Math 126 has a lot of new and difficult concepts but she is so nice about explaining them. The most helpful thing for me was reading the textbook before the lecture so that it made a lot more sense. That made the lectures easier to understand. Also, there was a lot of online homework, which was difficult and time consuming
Lectures are really good, so tests are a bit on the tougher side. Very approachable.
I took math 125 online with Dr. Nichifor. She is definitely one of the best math profs at uw. She really cares that you know the material well and will never trick you on exams. This is not an "easy a" class but she will make the material very clear and you can master all topics with enough practice. Talk to her via piazza you won't regret it!
Super sweet and super organized. I guess you could skip class if you want, but don't. Her lectures are organized to allow you to succeed if you go to class, pay attention, follow along with the problems, and do the homework yourself. I did this, and a few of the practice exams before tests, and it was an easy 4.0.
she is good lecturer, very clear teacher because we do the lesson each single day; expect to do lots of homework problems out of textbook and the online hw
She taught taught math 125 well, but this class is just so unnecessarily hard. I took calculus in high school and went to multiple tutors for this class and I'm at a 2.3... She's very useful in office hours, but sometimes she was condescending to me but I got over it. She's funny and very nice, but I just had a horrible time with her tests and calc
Math 125 is a hard class, but I think that Nichifor is a pretty good choice for it. She does panopto so you can look back at lectures, but I found it easier to just attend. The homework is tough but fairly reasonable. The two midterms and final are weighted heavily at 80% all together and she does not drop and homework grades.
She's a really kind-hearted person, and her tests are super straightforward. In my honest opinion they're easier than the rest of the math department's. Go to her office hours! She basically helps you with everything there and is super approachable.
her tests are super easy, pay attention and stay on top of everything and you'll do well.
P. Nichifor made me like math, which I normally detest. She is so funny and kind. She cares that her students learn! Her lectures are very clear, and lecture notes are posted online. However, it is best to show up to class, because she goes through processes in a very clear manner, and you don't want to miss it. Past exams are useful for studying.
Very kind, tries to make math interesting, cares about students. She has lots of office hours.
