Professor Grimm is awesome! She loves German literature - Kafka, Hesse, and Mann. Try to get a head start on the assigned readings. Professor Grimm likes original ideas and allows creative freedom as long as you can support it and follow her strict guidelines. Also, I recommend taking EXPO-E15 before taking EXPO-E25 at the Extension School.
Awesome professor! Take her for EXPOE25! Class w/ her was fun! You're allowed 1 class to miss w/o penalty. Advice for new students: Follow her essay guidelines RELIGIOUSLY, have a tutor look over your work if possible, get a head starting on reading the req. readings prior to the first day, participate, and have fun with what you're working with!
I am studying Vet Meds and I think she is a excellent Professuer
You're very free to explore writing ideas with her.  What she wants to see from your writing is whether or not you can support her claim.  She cares very much about format, follow the guidelines religiously.  They are there because it will make you a better writer.  Participation MATTERS.  Speak up. Be prepared to re-read your assigned reading.
Dr. Grimm is an outstanding professor. She is a Harvard graduate school professor that has taught classes at Harvard College and MIT. Her teaching skills are second to none. She gives clear instructions to students on how to write papers. Read and prepare for discussions. Dr. Grimm loves intellectually stimulating conversations. I love Dr. Grimm!
Great Professor! Dr. Grimm is amazing! She speaks very clearly and makes dull material interesting. She makes you really earn your grade. If her class was not mandatory, I still would have taken it. What I learned in her class, I will use for the rest of my life! All I can say is, "Take her class, you will not regret it!!"
Great professor and the one and only choice if you have to take EXPO E-25. If you follow her guidelines and re-write your essays (she does not accept drafts) until you are 100% d'accord, you will do well in her class. She is funny, like to talk a little about her life and gives you 1 second chance if you've submitted a very bad essay.
Concise, experienced, profound listening skills, patience of a saint, and all-around wonderful and memorable. Kafka, Siddhartha, German-lit.
she's my hero
Expository writing Professor with a focus on great German writers Mann, Hesse, and Kafka. She is tough but fair. We used Edgar Roberts book Writing about literature 13th ed. as a guide. Assignments need to be succinct no room for fluff. Overall great professor funny and engaged .
Great professor. Fun, easy to understand, and helpful.
Dr. Grimm receives my highest recommendation. A metric example is given at the onset and the material lends itself well to the writing. Dr. Grimm is a master of making a subjective course as objective as possible. Class itself is a fun learning environment, however the structure is rigorous leaving one prepared for academic writing upon completion.
Super prof.  Class was very fun yet challenging.  All German lit used, so the readings are challenging.  Dr Grimm was very helpful &amp; informative.  My writing was 100% better after this class.  Very nice person as well.  Kind and friendly with a great sense of humor.
EXPO is a mandatory class at Harvard Extension if you want to earn a degree, and the content depends on the instructor. Take it with this instructor- she doesn't drown you in reading, instead she makes you tear apart the assigned material and gives you great writing feedback.
Amazing! You have to take her Kafka, Hesse, Mann course.
Great professor.  Her knowledge of german literature and german history is incredible and she has a lot of great insight.  She's funny, down to earth and a great person to get to know.  You work hard in her class, but discussions are fantastic and she really knows her stuff.  Absolutely recommended!
Great professor, professional, interesting, allows and encourages different viewpoints and thinking, very inclusive, extremely fair and she is a great teacher. I wasn't into writing at all and  this was a prereq. class for me, but she made it interesting and FUN. I very highly recommend Ms. Grimm as an instructor.
Nice woman, exhibits good professionalism. I like her a lot!!!!  (P.S. The work is hard only if you look at it as a "mandatory" course, which it is, but at the same time the material is intersting and you can absorb yourself in it and get a good grade!
No Comments
