canelas is a really entertaining lecturer, but with the actual material she's kinda confusing in class. also go to discussion the FR on the midterms are based off discussion problems and the MC are off sapling. dropping the lowest midterm and replacing it with the final is great but the final is super hard so try to do well on all 3 midterms
I have a hard time writing thisbecause I really do like Dr. Canalas. Shes fun and cares about her students. She just cant lecture. I learned very little from class, and unfortunately my discussion TA was often unhelpful. There was little corellation between the tests and lecture/hw. Take my adviceif you can take orgo do it. If not, take 101.
Great professor, horrible class. Honestly the flipped classroom was terrible. You're expected to know random information that the TA's and the professor do not teach and they provide no textbook for supplemental help. When Dr. Canelas did lecture, which was rare, she was very personal and funny. If you have AP chem credit, just got to organic.
The flipped structure tended to be a polarizing subject- I loved it, others hated it. I think independent students with a strong chemistry background who enjoy working out problems will really enjoy the class. Due to the class structure, Canelas only lectures once a week. When she does lecture though, it's quite enjoyable- she's really hilarious!
Although I heard she's a great orgo prof, her chem 110 class was the worst. Flipped classroom sucked. She was pretty lazy too, providing little help and letting TAs make ridiculously hard quizzes and midterms. Midterms are worth a lot, so don't mess up. 90% of your time in this class won't be learning; it will be doing stupid applications.
Her Chem110 class is technically flipped but every Monday lecture she did notes (which are always posted) and covered the material of the week. Had a quiz every week and did team based applications. Monday is optional but you must go Wednesday and Friday because you work in groups on problems. Shes a great prof and a funny, kind lady.
Great team-based course. Otherwise, it is a great course that applies previous knowledge about chemistry to a variety of scenarios. Additionally, Monday discussion lectures are always optional, but they are always helpful and entertaining. Canelas makes a point of making sure students have a good time. She tells great stories.
I have taken Canelas for both 201 and 210. She is the best chemistry teacher I have had at Duke. Chem210 was difficult for me and I had to spend many hours working problems, but Canelas was always helpful after class and during office hours. Her lectures went fast but were clear and examples work were hard.
When it comes to actually teaching, don't hold your breath. Expect to go through tons of different resources by yourself and teach yourself the material. Prepare to discuss the material for one day and have homework due the next day and a quiz the following day. Ex: we were supposed to cover four topics &amp; had barely gone over 1 by the end of class
Professor Canelas is a phenomenal lecturer.  She is very funny and explains the concepts extremely well.  Sometimes she'll waste too much time making jokes, but it does keep the class engaged.  Her tests are very fair and a lot of the questions come from topics she talks about specifically in class, so I would strongly recommend going to lecture.
Funny but WAYYYYY too easy. Wasn't prepared for orgo2. If this is your last orgo class, take her. If not, opt for someone harder.
Definitely the easiest orgo professor at Duke. We played Jeopardy. Relatively little theory in lectures compared to the number of examples. Test questions were slight variants of lecture problems. TAKE HER IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR GPA! She's pretty funny too.
Was not very helpful outside of class and would redirect me to different resources rather than attempt to explain the material. A lot of the important concepts on the tests were not covered in lectures, and the class required a lot of self-studying. Also, be prepared for two required 8:30 discussions each week (which are group work).
I loved Canelas! She was pretty funny in class and she taught pretty well. Her exams aren't too difficult and they were fair. She does give partial credit so put an answer for each question. She loves it when people participate in her class and she had us do clicker questions to gauge our understanding of the material.
Organic Chemistry is a tough subject, but Dr. Canelas' instructions make the course bearable. The class was definitely difficult but not impossible. You just have to be prepared to do a lot of work.
One of Duke's best professors; goes at a very, very fast pace but is kind, hilarious, and a great teacher. If you put in the work, you'll succeed.
Prof. Canelas is a pretty straightforward lecturer and grader. Her grading procedures are fair but the tests can be difficult. It's essential to do the reading and practice problems in a timely fashion if you want to succeed on the tests and final. She's not much of a help if you reach out outside of class though.
Dr. Canelas is a funny, engaging lecturer who makes concepts super easy to understand. That being said, it's still necessary to read the textbook and work tons of practice problems every day to fully grasp and master the material for exams. She gives you everything you need to succeed in the class -- oh, and lots of partial credit on exams, too.
While her lectures are good and informative, you won't do very well if you don't do a lot of self teaching. This class requires a LOT of work.
Dr. Canelas is an amazing professor who is really enthusiastic about course material and always cares about how her students are doing in the class. She is very approachable and lectures are very enjoyable. The class definitely requires work, but she makes the class enjoyable and the material interesting! Had her for two semesters and loved her!
