She was rather scatterbrained at times and would switch from joyful to serious in the blink of an eye. Kind of unnerving. To be fair though she always had faith that I would pass and I did.
Chem 1210 is a hard class, but Professor Pappas is a fantastic professor. She was very good at explaining things and went over a ton of problems in class. Asked and listened to our feedback about tests and our understanding of the material. If you study, go to class, and do the work, you can get a good grade
Personality is interesting enough, but sometimes gets confusing. She gets hard to follow, at times going quick and scatterbrained making it hard to pick out important information. A little time out of class going over material helps, esp example problems-j get them down bc she goes so fast in lecture u don't have to understand but go over later
Dr. Pappas is visibly passionate &amp; excited about chem &amp; that really helped my outlook on the course. gen chem is designed to REALLY push you to be an independent learner. She's funny &amp; nice, but pretty scatterbrained, so you 100% CANNOT rely solely on lecture if you want a good grade. Read the chapter before lecture, and GO TO OFFICE HOURS!!
Dr. Pappas usually gaves pretty entertaining lectures and her practice exams online were really helpful. The only problem I had with her was that she would sometimes give incorrect information during lecture and it would be really confusing when she would try and correct it.
She puts notes online and those are helpful
Dr. Pappas is very nice, however, the tests were what killed me in this class. I've never had problems with chemistry before, but ended up having to withdraw from this class after failing the first two midterms. Try to take with a prof with easier exams
AMAZING! best chemistry professor; hilarious and smart. Very clear and energetic. Does a lot of experiments in class which are always fun. Definitely take her class but be prepared to put in the work, it's no easy A.
Very funny, Reasonable with material covered in amount of time. exams taken during class period which is a major plus! Make sure to do the homework or else you wont make it.
Dr. Pappas is like Ms. Frizzel from the magic school bus. She has a crazy personality that will make  you listen to the things she says. I never took ap chem but I did well in her class. TAKE HER. SHE IS GREAT
I had 1210 with Dr. Pappas and liked her so much I made sure to get into her 1220. I'm glad I did, many people now in 1220 say they wish they chosen her earlier for 1210. She's funny and her lectures make sense, exams are straightforward and her practice exams do prepare you. She is very easy to recommend. Got an A in her 1210, doing well in 1220
I would ABSOLUTELY 100% recommend taking chemistry with Dr. Pappas. The class is hard because the class is hard, but if you go to lecture and study the material, she never throws curve balls on the exam. I knew what to expect on every exam, and did well on all of them except the one I didn't study for (duh). TAKE HER CLASS!
TAKE DR. PAPPAS! Her tests are straight-forward, I missed a two questions on the exam because  I over-thought them. 11 people got a 100% on one exam. If you have taken AP Chemistry, 1210 will be a cake walk. 1220 is a little bit harder, but still super manageable.
This class is made to be hard, so whoever you have it's going to be hard. But she made it bearable and gave us all the resources to do well (multiple practice exams, online homework, specific EOC questions). I ended up with a C which I wasnt so happy about but I'm not a good test taker, which your grade is basically based upon (62.5% to be exact)
Dr. Pappas is a great professor. Lots of industry experience. She is hilarious and frequently cracks jokes to make lectures bearable. Tests aren't easy but also aren't the hardest I've seen for 1210. Go to lecture, pay attention and study your notes and you should be fine.
This class is hard.  She is confusing and her exams are very difficult. Practice problems will not help you on exams, neither will her office hours (which I went to frequently) I am amazed that I passed this class. Lab, online homework, and recitation are what saved me. I failed every midterm despite studying almost every day. The curve is a joke
Dr. Pappas is very passionate about teaching and loves to have her students involved! Her exams are difficult but as long as you go to class and do extra practice problems that she provides you will be fine!
This class is known to be hard but Dr. Pappas is really entertaining in lecture. Obviously the tests are difficult but that is expected. Dr. Pappas is a cooky teacher and loves to do experiments in class.
Dr. Pappas is an overall good professor. She has a very lively, wacky personality which I feel is a must to be any kind of professor! She also has extensive experience in industry, so she brings plenty of real world examples to lecture. Pound for pound, I'd say she's the best gen chem professor at OSU
Pappas is seriously an amazing professor. She is super enthusiastic and always willing to help! Chem in general is terrible, however, she makes it interesting. Would definitely suggest her!
