ola furmanek is definitely the hardest professor i have ever had but by far the most influential. she expects effort and will not allow for anything other than your best. she pushes her students but it really just helps her students improve. she is wonderful and i have so much respect. take her class. highly recommended
She is a difficult professor. In our (interpreting) class the homework was vague, unclear and exceptionally random. The last presentation (an entire class period powerpoint) was very vague, and I remember one group had to redo their project because they didn't have what she was looking for. Many students did feel embarrassed at some point.
Professor Furmanek DOES talk down to students and she has laughed at serious answers students have given in class. Her notes are not comprehendable what-so-ever, she just writes random words in sloppy hand writing all over the board in every direction. She does not use powerpoints, over heads or blackboard nor does she prepare notes prior to class
It's been forever since I took this class, but I remember loving it.  Furmanek is a very brilliant, passionate teacher.  Talk philosophy in Spanish, she will love you forever!!!
What shocked me was Furmanek's treatment of her students. Some she embarassed in front of the class, others she held to unrealistic standards they couldn't meet &amp; then she'd get angry. She got snippy if you asked for help or clarification. But then she did let me reschedule my final Fall Semester.
This course was very demanding and you really have to know Spanish.  The class is conducted entirely in Spanish and is very challenging.  On another note, Professor Furmanek's notes are not always coherent and hard to follow.  Take her if you a SPA Major.
Furmanek was challenging for my honors 213 class, but our class learned a lot and I know I improved my spanish skills.  Participate in class and you will do well.  The funniest thing-she kind of joked some other Spanish profs once (giving us sched. advice
