Honestly, Professor Brady is the best professor I've ever had in Computer Science. The level of detail that she is able to break down a problem is absolutely incredible . Trust me when I say this, but you won't get a professor with that kind of diligence in CS ever. She provides foundations and inputs unique insights on how to solve a problem.
Dry lectures,covers standard material, no inspiration, bad attitude &amp; always grumpy.. just read her slides/notes from a classmate instead of attending.  It is quite easy to present math in a straightforward manner and still be clear like a textbook but she does nothing extra you can't read directly from a book
Algorithms is one of the hardest classes I've ever taken, and it's no understatement to say that I don't know how I would've made it through without Gerry Brady. She really cares about her students, and puts an enormous amount of effort into her lectures -- and it shows.
Gerry cares a lot about her students, but she is not a great teacher for this subject. She does not introduce topics with context, and distill the material into it's essential points. To put it another way lecture is like someone reading straight out of the textbook.  You're better off learning the material through videos online, much clearer.
Lots of people told me to just learn comp sci on my own - Gerry plays into that advice.  She does not add value as a professor.  Gerry's lectures are like reading out of a textbook.  She writes on the chalkboard for hours straight, missesrefuses to answer questions, and struggles to emphasize key points.  She doesn't distill jargon into wisdom.
Professor Brady is an incredible teacher. I had her this last quarter for algorithms, and am convinced she is the reason I enjoyed the subject so much. It was certainly difficult, but I felt that she made the material understandable. The only issue I took was her choice of TA - one of the TAs was excellent while the other was not as qualified.
Gerry is the best professor I have had in CSPP.  Her classes are challenging.  Homework are hard but that is how you learn. Tests are fair.  She uses the board a lot.  Make sure to take notes.
Very enthusiastic and helpful to her students. I loved the subject even more thanks to her style. I don't agree that her questions were too hard. She writes too much on the board though. I wish she uses PowerPoint more often.
Gerry is quite simply one of the very best professors I have ever had.  She will call on you of the blue and expect you to know the answer, which kept me very engaged in the class.
Algorithms is a difficult topic...I'm not sure I would have understood everything if it wasn't for Gerry.
Professor Brady's Algorithms course is difficult - as it should be.  It was an excellent experience and will push the average students to their best.
Gerry rocks.
A gem of a teacher, Professor Brady is professional and personable. She has obvious command of this subject and is interested in her students.
The material is difficult, but in some measure the difficulty will depend on your background. In any event, Gerry Brady is the prof to cover this with. Even with my limited skills, I did well in her course.
Gerry is an amazing teacher - she explains difficult concepts in a patient and clear manner, is available to help students outside of class, and is inspirational in the breadth and depth of her knowledge of the topic.
No Comments
