Professor Rautman is so passionate about her work it makes the class interesting. The material is not so exciting, but the work is not hard and the exams are pretty straight forward
Very good prof. Really easy and a guaranteed 4.0 if you show up and do your homework. Lectures are a little dry and lengthy, but other than that a really good professor.
The class is graded by attendance quizzes (given randomly throughout every class, you can only miss 4), tophat interactive readings, and exams. The exams are brutal, but all online. Would NOT recommend taking this as an 8 AM, the content is SO boring and it's hard to stay awake.
Rautman's lectures were boring but you had to go because there were online quizzes. You also have to purchase tophat because a majority of the first half of the semester's work was on that. You do read two interesting books during the second half of the semester. Overall, this class was a easy A because of the online tests and easy points.
Interesting lectures but ultimately you could miss them and it wouldn't be too bad. Lots of online work but very easy and usually due at the end of the week with plenty of time to do it. A pretty easy class overall but I also learned a lot.
She is very enthusiastic about teaching this class, but the subject is very boring. Overall this class was very easy and an easy 4.0.
Alison is a work of art. She is a strange woman, however is very understanding and willing to work with you. If you complete the assignments and show up to class you should get a 4.0.
Professor Rautman is a sweet woman, but I made the mistake of taking her class at 8 am and missed a lot but she does quizzes every class for attendance so if you take her class make sure you get there. Nothing is too hard, but the tests are pretty detailed and tough. Tophat is pricey and you have to buy multiple reading books.
Easy A with online exams. Uses an online textbook with work in it but thats easy too. Lectures are kind of confusing but if you do the work in the textbook you will be fine. Recitation is also really helpful.
she is extremely rude. too much reading and quizzes. one of the worst classes i've ever taken. the class is so long and boring.
Don't just take my word for it. Look at the history of her reports on this site. Prof. Rautman has given up. Her lectures are the exact content from the $125 course pack. She describes herself as neurotic and probably is. Her emails are, as someone else her has put it, rude and unprofessional. She still has errors on her exams.
If you would like a teacher who tells you to be a democrat this is the class to take! I will say she will help you during office hours if you need it. You do not need to go to lectures (she doesn't really teach). She does a very good job of keeping everything online. I would not recommend.
Dr. Rautman means well, but ber class is simply ineffective. Like many ISS and IAH courses, I feel like I've focused more on strategically getting test-taking rather than actual learning. Her exam and quiz questions are very tricky and give me excess anxiety. I don't think she facilitates her course well and I regret taking this course.
Professor Rautman was such a great Prof to have at State right off the bat. While she is very lecture heavy, she is willing to answer questions during class if you have any. She kept up to date on what is happening in the world and is VERY knowledgeable in her field of anthropology. She made the class fun... even for an 8 a.m. Dr. Rautman is great!
She was unwilling to accept she had made a mistake on a quiz (didn't provide the correct answer to the question as an option) and was unwilling to explain her reasoning. She got upset when she was asked about this error and acted immaturely and unprofessionally.
Extremely easy 4.0. Attendance is not mandatory and pretty much everything was posted online to D2L. There are ungraded weekly quizzes that you can take unlimited times with answers. The weekly graded quizzes pull their questions from the ungraded quizzes and the exams pull questions from the previous quizzes. So easy if you do the quizzes a lot.
This was probably one of the most boring classes I have ever taken. It was supposed to be easy but the material was so dry I did not do nearly as well and I should've.  She is very rude and will call students out in class for no reason in front of everyone. Would not take one of her classes again.
Personally did not like this Professor at all. Was not helpful when sent emails, or even when asked questions face to face. Lectures were extremely long, which were not even necessary to go to based on the fact that all slides for lecture were online. Responses to emails were rude and unprofessional.
Boring class. Long long long lectures. Confusing. Gets distracted easily.
I honestly love Rautman. I did not deserve a 3.5 in this course by any means. My class was an 8am and I maybe went 10 times. She gives you very helpful lecture slides and previous exams to study from. She isn't out to trick you- she genuinely wants students to do well in her course. She's a super nice and funny person, I wish I went to class more.
