Not horrible class. Topics are more abstract then in 2070 (except MO theory) so I found the content harder to begin with. Hines is a clear lecturer and exams are VERY close to the practice ones (almost identical prelim 1). Don't pay attention to group quizzes for prelim studying. asks questions in ways you must fully understand material to answer.
Hines's lectures are structured, organized, and well-prepared. The group quizzes are hard, especially if your group is incompetent, but the prelims are fair game so long as you pay attention in lecture, take notes, keep up with the material, and at least attempt the group quizzes. The course is challenging but rewarding if you put in the effort.
Lectures and Learning Catalytics are critically important to understand and grasp the concepts and ideas. Group Quizzes are a little more challenging but help you to master these concepts. Prelims are tricky but everything you need to know is either said by her or written as notes. Only a few TAs are helpful. Review notes daily and practice.
In all honestly, the material was not difficult, but Hines made sure that the level of difficulty was challenging. I used the textbook religiously and made my own problem sets. The group quizzes were tedious and usually way above the level that would get tested on prelims. Know how to apply the content and LCs were helpful!
An overall nice class. If you put in the work you will get the results you want. Prelims questions are not necessarily hard but just hard to understand. Study old tests and lecture notes. Read textbook like its your bible for prelim 1 and prelim 2. For the final start early and religious study lecture notes and do prac final.
There are no lecture materials available outside of class, and her writing is very difficult to understand and translate into notes quickly before it gets erased. Group quizzes are a great way to guarantee that each student masters about 25% of a given week's material.
There are group quizzes every week, which are monstrously long and contain questions that take more time to decipher the meaning of than to actually do. The tests are extremely difficult, with low class averages. General chemistry is not a difficult subject, but this class makes it difficult.
The class itself isn't bad. Lab work is manageable. Her lecture style makes it impossible for me to learn. Her TAs are clueless so you'll constantly be lost. Prelims are impossible and I'm beyond screwed for the final. You'll have weekly group quizzes and they are absolutely horrific. An overall frustrating class.
The lectures are fine, group quizzes are okay, but you can get screwed by who is in your group. Also, the prelims are not representative AT ALL of the caliber of questions we get exposed to. Finally, if you miss a lecture and don't have a friend in the class -- you're screwed. The lecture material can only be found in the lecture itself.
There was a clear divide between the students who were naturally inclined in chemistry, and those who needed to work to understand the material, who were left in the dust. When I went to her office hours she told me "I have 800 students and will never remember you". The material and tests are extremely difficult no matter how hard you study.
Professor Hines is by far my favorite professor thus far at Cornell. It was clear that she dedicated a lot of time to organizing her class. Her lectures were remarkably clear, engaging, and purposeful. I liked the concept of group quizzes every week, but I was extremely lucky with my group since we all helped each other understand.
The quizzes are hard and so are the labs but the labs definitely get better. Harder than 2070 content was, but good class. If you work through the problem sets on your own you will be good, and if you don't, then make sure you understand every single solution on the answer key. USE the textbook as a resource to grasp keywords, and concepts.
By far, the most organized, clear, and prepared professor I've had. She is exceptionally clear about what you need to know, and she's more concise than the book. She frequently throws in funny anecdotes or relevant medical applications. Labs force you to think and group quizzes are brutal, but compared to 2070, the class is much less demanding.
Wow, what a course. This class is VERY hard, especially if you have a limited chem background like myself. That being said, it is not impossible if you utilize every resource possible. Hines is amazing, helpful, and super kind. Get ready to work hard and take a lighter schedule with this class. The problem sets can be RIDIC
Hines is a great professor! She is super nice and actually cares about the students. She understands that most kids in her class are biopremed students so she did a lot of examples relating to chemistry applications in medicine. This wasn't an easy class, but she wasn't out there to get you like other professors sometimes try to do.
One of the best professors I've had! Great lecturer that gives real life examples based on materials being learned in class. Very generous with exams and curve. Very helpful when you go to office hours. Bad points: group quizzes that TAs are not allowed to help on. If you're stuck with a stupid group and a harsh TA, you're out of luck.
Hines is a great lecturer I believe who explains everything very well. I opened the textbook once or twice throughout the semester; she is clear on what you should know. I only hated having group quizzes, but if you can do them mostly then you'll be fine for prelims. Learning catalytics is very helpful and good to review 4 prelims. Curves generous.
Good professor, class is challenging but curve is generous. Group quizzes can be hit or miss depending on your group especially since TA's won't help you.
Favorite Professor of Freshman Year! Lectures are incredibly clear and loved learning catalytics test questions. The Problem Sets are extremely hard and the lab is tough but thought her tests were very fair.
Hines obviously wants her students to succeed, and her lectures are helpful and fairly easy to follow. The prob sets (aka group quizzes) were usually very hard, and the labs were challenging. The group quizzes can bring your grade up, but if you're too embarrassed to ask the strangers in your group how they did a prob, you can get left behind.
