Hardest math exam I ever took because of her. Beware of the first midterm where you have to know your graphs so don't skip over them. I think the hardest part about her class is visualising 3D graphs so while reading the textbook, pay attention. Avoid this professor at all costs.
She isn't good
don't.
the 2.7-3.1 curve is easier to achieve than expected, if you get 87% or higher in all 3 exams and actually do your homework (never heard of anyone who does no homework with those exam grades) you will get 3.8-4.0.
I took the online class after taking &amp; doing well in Calc AB during high school, thinking it would be a breeze. Like everyone else has been saying, the lectures &amp; hw were easy enough, but the test questions were sickening. It doesn't really matter if you get the concepts because the tests will ruin you. Don't take this class.
I took the online class. the lectures were easy to understand. The home works were harder compared to the lectures but still doable but they won't prepare you for the exam as it is much harder than the content of the lectures and the assignments. Also I bought the text book but didn't even use it for the whole quarter.
She's not the most fantastic teacher I've ever had, but she's a pretty solid choice for mathematics. As long as you go to class, you should understand the context fine. Did not record lectures. Study for the weekly quizzes, don't buy the textbook, and pay attention to the test review days in class. Easiest class in the calc series.
explain stuff in great detail and always being inspiring
Ebru Bekyel was amazing. I didn't think I was smart enough to pass the calculus series but having a female professor really inspired me. Her tests are difficult but the answers always collapse nicely if you do the correct process. She obviously cares for students and makes great jokes in lecture. Be prepared to work hard but also to be impressed.
It took her 124 online class the first quarter of my college career and I was lost. Unfortunately, I have her again for 126. I couldn't change my schedule already when I realized it would be her teaching the class. She has made my life much harder than it should've been.
too many notes in the lecture, and she often messed up the calculation process. she even posted wrong solutions to the class, and her exams involve to many graphs. i hate graphs
I am so regretful to take her class, there are 6 friends of mine who are also in her section, all of us think she does not know how to teach. I don't want to be so negative, but it is so annoying that you can only understand maybe 20% of her lectures, and there are no recordings. By the way, her test is hardest and there are lots of graphs.
Definitely the worst Professor in 126. Her test only focuses on graphs, however, other instructors focus on different aspects and test students by real knowledge. Her lecture goes really fast, I think even the best students even don't know what's going on. Stupid test + lecture that can't understand  she.
Online is NOT a class to take unless you have a very good background in algebra. Major discrepancy between lectures, homework, and exams. Lectures would be easily-understandable, homework would require major thinking, then you look at the first question of a test and probably just want to cry in agony and reconsider your entire life. :) cheers
She made this class way harder than it needed to be you might be better off not showing up to lectures and teaching yourself because she over complicated simple ideas. The final was way harder than any of the old ones from the math archive and some of the questions we barely did any practice on or even went over.
There was an insane amount of homework each week and it didn't even help you prepare for the exams. The practice problems and midterm reviews were no help for the exams either. She gave exams where one version was extremely harder than the other. AVOID HER AT ALL COST!!
Worst professor Ive ever had. I try to remain fair when considering professors, but she showed absolutely no interest in student success and was very rude when asked simple questions. I got mad just sitting in class because her lectures were so disorganized and her homework never synced up to the sections we were learning.
She is super inflexible and apparently her tests are harder than the other math teachers'. The concepts learned in this class are actually pretty simple but she overcomplicates everything and makes it much harder than it needs to be. Also for the last midterm had one version that was significantly harder than the other. Would not recommend.
makes a class that could be an easy 4.0 into an incredibly stressful class. i hardly go to lecture because i'm better at teaching myself the concepts. ridiculous amount of assigned homeworks and tests are not comparable to other math 111 professor's tests (her's are remarkably harder). she also has literally no sympathy for her students. AVOID!!!!!
Ebru has some good jokes. But thats about it. If youre good at math naturally, you may actually succeed, but if youre not, youre gonna have to work extra hard. And maybe even that wont be enough. Exams across the sections vary in difficulty (which should be like.. illegal?) and she isnt straightforward. Avoid this teacher AT ALL costs.
