You don't have to show up to class to pass, she is very easy made an A. You do have to buy the book though because there is an access code you'll need to do your homework and quizzes.
She explains everything in an easy to understand way instead of trying to over complicate stuff.
Very nice and a GREAT teacher in the math department. I would love to have her teach all my math courses because I cannot stand math but I am getting a good grade in her class
Very nice and caring. Made everything easy to understand.
I am not a math person and Ms B made it easy.
Professor Bacopulos is very helpful and her lectures are very simple. She's a great choice. FYI your homework, quizzes and tests are online. No extra credit
Best teacher ever.
Mrs. B was great, she has an odd humor about her. Just make sure you do your homework and quizzes each week and you'll pass with an easy A. If you have any questions she's very polite and willing to help.
explains things very well and if you do not get it she explains it again.
Most helpful.  I am bad in math and found Ms Bacopulos helps you through the problems.
Never used the book but MUST have access code
Easy her class is all online based the HW CW and Quizzes even test. All the same format. On quiz day or Test day they online assignment is password protected so you have to show up then. but the rest you can do from home. Her lectures are easy and she pretty much works the problems that are CW. she spend the his half teaching the rest of the class is HW time.
As a person who was ALWAYS terrible at math she did make it so much more easier for me. I took her in the summer and followed EVERY direction she uttered and PASSED. If your major ables you to take MATH 1420 and you do not consider yourself a math wiz I highly recommend her especially during the summer.
She was a god send. I hated math but needed this course. she made everything easy and there were no hard assignments.
Professor Bacopulos was definitely my favorite professor! She really made my transition as a Freshman easier. I would definitely take her class again!
I recommend you take her.She's the best ever!
This is by far the best Math class I have taken EVER. She is the BEST Math teacher. She makes everything crystal clear &amp; she teaches well. You dont need the book only the access code. My Math Lab will serve as the book. She is the sweetest woman ever. Always pleasant and willing to help. Loved this class!
Professor Bacopulos single handedly restored my faith in math. I have never met a professor who genuinely cares that students understand the information &amp; can pass quizzes/tests. Yes everything is online &amp; yes if you have good notes and pay attention it's simple. But sometimes Math is a tough subject no matter how much you prepare. She is awesome!!
LOVED this class, and i HATE math. Super easy, all the work is online. As long as you take good notes or copy homework it is an easy 100! You would have to be an idiot not to pass this class with flying colors
Everything is online: quizzes, homework, tests. You don't have to go to class...I only went on test days. You can get everything from doing the homework online; it will tell you how to solve every problem.
