Disregard some of the more foolish reviewers on here! Prof. Garber gives some of the best lectures at Harvard (er, or probably at other Ivy). Knows Shakespeare inside and out. Reads the world like a book. Only downside is you really need to pay attention and be willing to, like, learn new words and stuff, otherwise you'll miss a lot.
Nothing else to say about the professor.
Harvard assigned her Great Political Speeches to profit from the speechwriters market, but the course is a complete farce. She will always try to talk about Shakespeare when she feels insecure due to her ignorance about politics. Extremely old and lazy, never grades paper nor exam. The syllabus is a draft and she makes you buy books you wont use.
I made a limerick for this class. It goes as follows:  Through college ranks we have risen,  To a class where no lecture was given,  So we begged Dr. Klug,  To teach Chem in the nude,  But he only answered with, "Metacognition."
Professor Garber was an excellent teacher who knew the material and knew how to guide a discussion. I learned more from her class than any other class. She wasn't overly friendly, but she was never rude or mean. I found her class very engaging.
She has a lot of frustration and she took it out on my grade. I did everything she asked and still did poorly. She is a mean mean person.
I like this prof. Interesting, combines humor with academic material, covers things well. TAs seem almost bothered by having to be TAs tho, like it's beneath them; they do seem overwhelmed tho so maybe just stressed.
Fabolously brilliant! overwhelming literature for the kinddle minded! brilliant!
Compelling and thought-provoking, traditional lecture format.  Clearly in command of the subject matter.  Sometimes makes spurious connections. A moat separates her from direct student contact.  Kind of harsh to her TAs.  Not warm &amp; fuzzy.  A "rock star" in her field but not very approachable.  Have your manager contact her's.
Brilliant student of Shakespeare.  An excellent lecturer on Shakespeare.  Not such a great Shakespearean teacher.  I found that if you did not have a great amount of prior knowledge and study of Shakespeare's writings, then you would be seriously deficient.  I learned interesting things, but the testing was atrociously hard!
No Comments
yeah, metaphors and similes and lots of literary devices. Step off.
No Comments
No Comments
She was a fabulous teacher when I was at Harvard - one of the best teachers I had.
This woman thinks her ego is interesting. Freud tells us to go with the unconscious. Who would you bet on? Her classes are turgid- she treats people as if they were her mirrors (makes you feel small in class if you speak up, as if you were the mirror in her makeup case). Avoid this boring Skeletor creature at all costs.
power crazed
No Comments
INCREDIBLE. The best class I have taken at Harvard yet. She is amazing. Grab any chance you have to take a class with her.
Loved the course.  Next to French Ea, favorite undergrad course
