Tait does a great job. This the second course I took from her because I like her.
Awsome !
Dr. Tait is the most caring professor i've ever had. She gives you every chance to have an 100% in her class. She take she time in lecture and really wants to make sure everyone understands. Her assignments may seem confusing but she leaves room for individuality. She answers questions well. She bought our whole class subway.
Tait is concerned about the students. She helps you succeed
Tait is a super nice lady, she's very kind hearted and sweet to her students. Although, she doesn't do a good job (whatsoever) of explaining assignments to students. This class has no Tests, quizzes, exams, projects, or even a textbook required. Just one paper every two weeks. The class is easy, but she makes it very difficult.
Alice is a nice and respectful prof
Great Prof. !!!
Dr. Tait is a nice professor. She is easy to understand but spends the entire class period talking about her personal experiences rather than lecture based material. I could not tell you one thing I actually learned in this class. She requires participation points but only every other class period. Really easy but the class was a waste of time.
Dr. Tait is a really intact professional.
I would tell my friends to take this class and this prof. You learn a lot. go to class and you will do well. she really cares about her students.
In this class I learned a lot about media and how it impacts alana and lgbqt.
I learned a lot from this class and this prof. My roommate took the class and told me to take it. I am glad that I did.
Dr. Tait is the best professor i have had while attending CMU. She cares about each individual student and their grade. she talks to me every time I see her, even outside of class. she has real emotion and passion for her work and she is a great educator. the rest of the reviews giving her a 2.2 are stupid.
This class was required for my major. I thoroughly enjoy studying race relations and gender issues. I was so excited for this course that I reached out to her before the class began to do extra work for her. She treated me disrespectfully to the point I left her office crying more than once. She is disorganized and doesn't relate to students.
She drags out the class as long as possible without gaining any information about the subject. The subject of racism and culture in the media has a chance to be interesting, but she completely ruins it by not teaching you anything. Quizzes are online and open note making it an easy A. Overall just don't take this class unless you really have to.
easy class and the class is organized. sometimes she gets off schedule and that hellps us. i liked the speakers. i liked hearing and seeing the other students' presentations. i learned a lot from this course and prof.
One of the easier courses I have taken but easily the most unorganized professor I ever had, which is actually worse than having a hard class that IS organized. Also, gets defensive if you disagree with anything, which is odd for a course that is very much opinion based. I had a 93.5 in her course she refused to round up. Kept me off Dean's list.
Easy Class and I learned a lot for my classmates' projects and guest speakers. Come to class an you should do okay-she has organized the class well.
Not the biggest fan- unorganized, doesn't put grades in correctly, repeats lectures a lot. She does offer 10 extra credit points max, which is nice, but still needs to work on putting them in Blackboard correctly. 2 participation points/class, so come, but just do stuff on your laptop during class and you'll be fine.
Her class is easy, but she is very unorganized.
