A decent professor overall. She gives a lot of useful examples during lectures but makes you feel like an idiot for asking questions. Chem 130 is a difficult class to begin with and Professor Sipowska didn't really make it any more or less difficult.
Dottie is a very intelligent person and means well in her work. The lectures are very fast and detailed. Unless you pay close attention in lectures and work hard outside of class, your chances of passing are fairly low.
Sipowska isn't the worst teacher I've ever had, but I wouldn't recommend her either.
Dotie understands the material and the structure of Chem 130 very well.  However, she often doesn't give helpful or detailed answers to questions that students have. The iClicker questions are incredibly helpful in determining how well you understand the information, but it makes attendance mandatory and they're often "trick" questions.
She is incredibly hard to understand and does not explain the subject well at ALL. If we get Iclicker questions wrong, she blames it one us. Avoid her at all cost.
20-30 pgs of reading for every lecture. Lectures usually had 3-9 iclicker questions, some of which were tough. Often  than 50% of the class would get a question right, and she would ask "why did you get that wrong?". Went to every class, did all the reading, homework, clickers, failed every exam... I was in the slc group too. Print lecture notes!
Chem 130 is a pretty hard class, but Dottie is a pretty funny lady. She can be hard to understand, she does have an accent and speaks quietly. She's pretty fair with the clicker question, if the percentage that gets it right is pretty low she'll go over it as a class and re-open the question.
Dotie definitely knew what she was talking about when it comes to this subject; however, she is very unclear, and she does not make it any easier when you have a question. Exams are very hard, too.
Great professor! Teaches the material very thoroughly and prepares you well for the exam. I advise doing problem roulette as well.
You have to read the chapter before going to class - reading assignment clicker questions will be tough if you don't know someone with the answers. Course material isn't too difficult, but keep up because what makes the class hard is the amount of material you're expected to know. She's a good professor and will answer questions if you ask.
I found her lectures completely useless and confusing. I played games on my phone the entire time. DO the OWLS, read the book, do problem roulette and ask for help if you don't understand. Her office hours are annoying though, way to many people. Test are hard I gave up studying on most of them
Reading the book and doing the OWLs are crucial to passing and preparing for the tests. The iClicker questions are very tricky, so read the material before class.
Do the OWLs and read before lecture. Her notes are very clear and easy to follow. She has good sense of humor and she likes to use it. The exams are not too bad if you do problem roulette before. Weekly quizzes are really dependent on your GSI. I took the CSP section so the GSIs were great. Attendance isn't mandatory but you get iClicker points.
She has clearly been teaching for a long time, and, if you pay attention, she will make sure you are aware of everything you must do to get a good grade.
As my professor for the summer term of 2015, she was a fairly good lecturer. She does not particularly stand out as amazing, but nevertheless her understanding of the material is solid, her lectures well planned and presented, and her engagement with the students enough to keep her students from falling asleep for more than a few minutes.
I absolutely dreaded going to this class. It was obvious that Dodie was trying, but she is just not a good teacher. Nice lady, bad instructor.
I did well on the first exam because I did the readings. Then, everything got busy and then I sort of gave up haha. Join a study group, do OWLs, and never forget to do problem roulette. If you do well on one exam, you'll be fine if you bomb the last two. It's gen chem so it's going to be annoying.
Exams are pretty rough. Attendance counts, and your correctness on i-clicker questions matters. Sipowski is really helpful if you make an effort, but she can be a little harsh when you ask questions. Pay attention and it'll be okay.
Do the OWLs; they help a lot. Just do Problem Roulette before the tests, and you'll do decently. There's no curve. The tests are just 25 MC.  There are iClickers.   In my opinion, her accent makes it really hard to understand what she's saying. Also, her class was kind of boring, but what do you expect from an introductory chemistry class.
Really cares about her students. After the first exam, she e-mailed me and invited me to her office to talk about it and assured me things will get better and they did!
