This professor is really sweet and she allows quizzes to be made up rate after exams which is great because i'm already prepared. She often brings up nursing stories since she used to be a nurse and this made the class more interesting. I 100% recommend her!
Everything you need is in the powerpoints and realizeIT. Attendance is required as she does squarecap sometimes to confirm but this isnt a skip class you wont pass type of course. Like I said everythings given along w/ lab info and practice tests. Plus with HS bio knowledge its a very easy class, got As on every test
This class was very easy. As long as you know biology from high school, you should get a good grade in this class with minimal studying.
MsThomas was a good professor, shes super sweet and doesnt make the class harder than it is. Going to SARC tutoring REALLY helped I would go unless youre getting 100s. She is passionate and knows what shes talking about. Attendance is taken sometimes in the form of an online question. Bio 1 material is the type thats easy to study off flashcards!
Funniest professor by far. She makes lecture fun with her stories and jokes. She does go through power points fast but she posts them on Canvas. She always made her/the TA's office hours very clear to help us if we needed it. She dropped low grades and was lenient with due dates. I was able to skip some classes and not be far behind.
nice lady. she reads from the slides but does a good job on explaining topics. a lot of people don't like her or say the class is hard, but it is really not difficult. you have a lab, an online activity, and her lectures usually all covering the same topic so there is really no excuse to not understand concepts. if you go to class/study youll pass
Do the lab, show up to class, and study the practice exams/important topics. Really not hard to get an A/B
Thomas is a very good lecturer but the class requires studying outside of it. SARC session are about an 2 1/2 hours but they explain the material very very well I highly recommend attending them.
I hated bio in highschool but got a 98 in this class. Honestly since it's standardized if you just memorize stuff and read the book a little you'll be ok. I got 100s on two of the tests. She drops a test and a quiz on top of the other extra credit it's really had to fail this.
An amazing professor, makes the class interesting and very clear on grading and expectations. Professor Thomas is always there for her students, extra credit is very possible and easy. Don't be afraid to use SARC and SI and don't forget to do the labs (all online)
Professor Thomas is a nice, helpful, and caring lady. Sometimes she can go off topic with her stories. She explains difficult concepts well. If you need help I would recommend going to SARC. There are five exams including the final. The lowest test and quiz grade is dropped. She does questions off of Square Cap for a small % of your grade.
I only passed this class because of sarc ( thankyou john :)) Professor thomas is very nice but she tends to go off topic alot and i end up just recording it and writing notes later because i cant concentrate. The material is not hard but on her tests she words everything weirdly so make sure you know the material.
Mrs. Thomas is a great professor! I was a bit nervous to take her class because your grade is pretty much determined by the four exams (lowest dropped), quizzes, and final exam. But, shes a great lecturer and keeps you aware of assignments and exams that are coming up. I enjoyed her class and worked hard for my A :)
An actual queen! I cant say anything bad about this woman. Biology is a difficult subject but as long as you go to all the reviews provided and STUDY you should do well in this class. Thomas gave extra credit and dropped lowest test grade. I wish I could have her again for Chemistry because she is a professor who cares about her students success
Professor Thomas was such a great lady to have as a teacher. Her class is difficult but if you study and do everything you will be fine. I was a little scared in the beginning because I was not doing very well, but she gives many opportunities to get your grade up. Show up for class because you will have little one question participation quizzes.
Difficult class but an amazing professor. There are many opportunities to help your grade out. If you go to class, study a lot before exams, and put in the necessary effort, you will do well.
Could earn an extra 2% on top of your final grade for extra credit. Lecture heavy class with occasional in-class activities that count for points. Lots of material covered in a relatively short amount of time. Definitely must go to the majority of classes if you want a decent grade
She is the sunshine the world needs. Her lectures are great, and she genuinely cares about your grade. Obviously you will have to study and do some work, but it's bio... She prepares you so well for tests that if you study the review guides you will pass. She does a great job making jokes and keeping things light and fun.
Not a health sciences major, so I was bored with this class. Do the labs (easy) and study the powerpoints, every answer from every test comes from her powerpoints posted for you. Utilize all the materials in each module... Prof Thomas gives you a study guide for a reason... Easy A/B.. You'll pass if you review, Don't show up to a test without it
She is kind of dry in lecture but a lot of information is given. You will need to study a lot in addition to attending lecture. The lab part of the classes was the easiest but the test were quite difficult if you didn't prepare well. She does try to help boost your grade by dropping some assignments.
