I absolutely loved this professor. She was always available at office hours to discuss class topics, or other any aspect of psychology. She genuinely cares how well you do in the class, if you make an effort. There is opportunity for extra credit and few other assignments, but the tests make up a huge part of your grade.
grade weighs heavily on tests, but she is willing to help and offers extra credit. very kind and cares about you actually learning the info, can go to office hours and learn a lot/ talk about the best psychology based movies. she also refers you to other professors in UW who may help you or have classes you may enjoy. id ask her for a letter of rec
Dr. Pickrell is a great lecturer. She makes things clear to understand, drops some jokes here and there, and offers a ton of extra credit. Some test questions are from the book, so reading is expected, but the workload isn't too bad. Lectures are recorded, so attendance isn't mandatory. Easy A if you get all your work done!
This class was really easy and interesting. Sometimes she moved too fast through lectures, but that was honestly not a dealbreaker because the material wasn't really difficult. She gives a lot of random extra credit in lecture, especially on days where not many people show up.
The GOAT. Didn't read the textbook after the first test (there are 3 total) and still ended up with a 4.0. Too many free points to count. Just stay on top of the weekly assignments, take advantage of the extra credit opportunities and you'll be golden.
She adds 0.3 points to your gpa, and 5 in-class extra credit, 4 credits more if you do all hw. One paper (2-3pg) very easy, lowest is 14/15. She gives extra credit random so don't skip class. She adds at least 1-2 points to midterms if you prove her question is ambiguous. For exam, read textbook+Launchpad+old exam. Her lecture is fun, class engaged
Professor Spector is amazing! She is a great lecturer, and the stories she tells in class are so funny, genuine, and inspiring. She gives a ton of extra credit for showing up to class, and your GPA can be boosted up to 0.3% just by participating in the psych research pool. After taking her class, I now want to major in psychology!
She tries to make jokes and add some humor to her lectures so they're not as dry. She uses different examples to help certain topics stick in your head. Attendance isn't mandatory since she doesn't take attendance and there's panopto, but sometimes she gives extra credit just for showing up. Do every homework since there's only 200 total points.
Awesome lectures. Exams are not easy, but a lot of extra credits. Thanks for making me love psychology.
Fantastic speaker, clearly knowledgeable, and a very nice person. The content is rather broad and covers a wide variety of topics. After tests, if students can justify wrong answers she gives a few extra credit points. Also, if you go to class, she'll give ec every once in a while.
Dr. Spector was an amazing prof. She gives out an exorbitant amount of extra credit, all homework except for one small paper is participation based, and when tests had poorly worded questions, she gave everyone EC when we argued them. Her office hours help immensely and she always has a story to tell. Her lectures were riveting and I never skipped.
Professor Spector was a great Professor and lecturer, but coming to her office hours she wasnt as nice. If you miss a few points it can really affect your grade. Theres extra credit with the research pool, but good luck because theres many you cant even do
You can basically Panopto the lectures, and finish it in 30 minutes instead. She gives a lot of extra credit points (5-ish total) if you're in class, when there's a low turn out for that day. She uses tv shows examples to make content relevant. The pacing is a bit slow. Reading the textbook is highly recommended.
She does a really great job of explaining the general aspects of psychology, good lecture style, weirdly structured slideshows but overall great professor! She has a great sense of humor and truly cares for her students! Would definitely take again.
This class has been disappointing. As an intro class, she only covers general areas of psychology. However, since she covers so much, she hasnt fully researched and analyzed a lot of what she teaches. Many of her descriptions are wrong or weak, lacking important &amp; notable factors. Easy A . In-class extra cred. Tests are memorization, nothing more.
Pickrell is a great teacher and her tests are fairly easy. Attendance isn't mandatory, but sometimes she gives extra credit if you are there.
This class was fairly easy, however it's only graded on a few things so if you forget to do something, your grade could potentially go down from a 4.0 to a 3.3 really quickly. She gives a lot of extra credit though. If you show up to lecture, take notes and read the textbook you should have no problem getting a 3.5 or higher
Super interesting lectures, I'm not a psych major but this class was super cool, prof is very kind, tests are easy, good study guides as well. Would totally take again.
Her class is graded on the UW 4.0 scale - 192/200 points is a 4.0 but it drops quickly. Homework is very easy and is graded on completion, Can take 5 mins/week if you're lazy. Do all the extra credit! You can get up to a .3 grade boost. Tests require studying and they screwed me. I got 160/200 points in the class and got a 3.0 were/ ec.
Really amazing intro to psych. This class is just a survey of "all of psych", so it's breadth not depth. It is fairly easy, but don't let it get away from you. Beware the second midterm. DO ALL THE EXTRA CREDIT. And, most importantly, go to her office hours. She is so nice and will open doors for you in the psych department.
