Rachel is a great teacher, the class was pretty easy with a small workload. I got nearly 100% on both midterms and I'm sure I will do well on the final. I really enjoyed the online homework system we used (Realizeit). Her textbook was free, helpful and, easy to read, but you could get away without reading it. Optional problem sessions twice a week.
I would not take her again.
Rachel is a wonderful instructor, I've taken her for both 243/244. She does not give you a grade, you earn your grade by staying on top of the workload. She gives partial credit on tests, offers extra credit, and is always available during office hours. Highly recommend for self-starters and those that are disciplined enough to put in the effort.
I have never cried so much in my entire life, and my significant other is very upset as well. Ms. Webb is the worst "math" instructor that I have ever had. She does not provide lecture notes or videos, so be prepared to instruct yourself. Please do yourself a favor and take statistics in person if you struggle with math whatsoever.
The material is DENSE! Get ready to load up a ton of information. Also, keep in mind, this professor WILL NOT pass you if you get a failing grade on the final. It's written in her syllabus. You have to have a proctor staring at you during the midterm and final which is very uncomfortable. The class is hard, simply said. It's statistics...
Professor Webb was literally the worst instructor I think I've ever had. She was rude, dismissive and condescending to say the least. She sent out multiple emails encouraging students to drop her class because of the difficulty. Her syllabus was contradictive, as was she in her email correspondences. Her assignment load was unrealistic.
She is great!
Rachel is great. Lots of extra credit opportunities. 4 Labs that are step by step (easy A), 2 in person quizzes, homework and online quiz due every Sunday. All work is to prepare you for Final(35% of grade) and Midterm(30% of grade). She is a great professor. She cares how you do. Do the work and you will get an A. Best option for non-stats majors!
Fast pace test and homework due every sunday and everything is done online
There's a lot of work to do, but if you keep up then it's easy. The midterm and final are taken in person. You are allowed a full page of notes plus a packet that really helps. I think Rachel understands that statistics is very much about the application, not memorizing calculator short-cuts. She also offered a 5% extra credit!!
AWFUL. I really don't know why there are so many amazing reviews because I had to take stats again this term and many of my fellow students said she was just as horrible as I thought. She's rude, condescending and does NOT know how to teach an online course. AVOID HER.
Refuses to post calucator tutorial Questions are treated with little regard Makes you feel stupid Does everything to make sure you don't pass  I made it to week 8...
She is a fantastic teacher. Her lectures are clear, and well organized. I would definitely take her again!
Rachel Webb is fantastic. I took an online course so I didn't see her in person alot, but she often would send reminders about when things are due and was quick to reply to questions. The study review is  helpful and similar to her tests. You are given more than enough time to finish tests and allowed a page of notes. Great extra credit opportunity
I appreciated her giving the students plenty of extra credit opportunities throughout the term. Her grading criteria is very clear. She comes off as a straight-to-the-point person. Textbook is not needed for this class but if you like practice problems then take advantage of the free book. Help is there when you need it. Overall, not a bad class.
I despise STATS and had a terrible 243 instructor. With that said, Rachel's class was better. She has more class resources than all my instructors had this term so the help and extra work is always there. 5 Quizzes (one is dropped), 4 labs, recitation attendance required, difficult exams, and plenty of extra credit available.
Professor Webb is a  wonderful professor. Her classes are tough but if you pass you will certainly know the material. Her lectures are very comprehensible and she has a great no-nonsense style.
She's a good professor. She may not be exciting or funny, but if you pay attention &amp; care about your grade, you'll do fine. She gives clear examples, drops lowest quiz score, allows full page of notes on quizzes/exams. HW not required, but is good practice. She uploads lectures but don't skip class unless you can teach it to yourself. Free textbook
Rachel is crystal clear about what is expected. If anyone is giving her a bad review it's because they didn't show up to class or do the assigned reading and practice problems. She doesn't collect homework, she spells out the lab assignments, and she's very clear about what she expects from her students from day one. She gives tons of extra credit.
Rachel is an amazing professor, she is very clear with expectations, if you skip any lecture or recitation you run the risk of failing quickly. She is always there to help during office hours. Quizzes and tests are easy if you study and put effort in each week, she allows tons of materials to be used on quizzes and tests. Definitely recommend.
