Jacqueline was one of the best professors I had at PSU. Her grading was fair, expectation were clear and I became a much better writer after taking this class. She doesn't have page limit on papers and just lets you write as much or as little as you choose as long as your ideas are expressed.
Yes, she's tough, but it's not unreasonable to expect adult-level writing from college students. (Didn't you learn the basics in high school?) Those who expect to be coddled will be disappointed. If you're ready for a challenge that will help you improve your writing and expand your mind, she's one of the best teachers you could have. Go for it.
She's definitely doing everything she can to make students write better, but you have to get passed her strong opinions. She scares some students out of taking a class with her as the professor and she knows it. The grading is vague and often harsh (but fair). Learn and show you're making progress. She gives better grades to the students she likes.
tough but worth it
The best professor I've had at PSU. If you're not serious about getting better, of course you'll complain. She's a very strong woman and I also think that, unfortunately, throws people off. Not only did my writing improve dramatically, but I was rejuvenated after her trial by fire. Take her class if you can, and emerge tempered from the crucible.
She is difficult but extremely knowledgeable. She tries to chase away those who want an easy grade, in the first week or so more than a third of the class quit. She is a hard grader but not terrible. It was worth it to get to know her and I took another class from her the following semester. She even helped me write my MSW essay.
I have taken two classes with her. She is tough but wants her students to learn and be challenged. Her deadlines are pretty lax as long as you talk to her. She would rather have good writing then on time writing. She is one of my favorites at PSU.
All the whiners on here complain because this is the first teacher who didn't let them breeze by without a flinch. The reading is difficult &amp; volumous, but deadlines are lax. All students are encouraged to speak, but only  five to ten of us do. The silent, you're probably the ones who troll &amp; lash out here. Guess what? You're not ENTITLED.
As a non-traditional student I was surprised to find this type of of professor still teaching. She is rude and often violated the FERPA rules. This sort of behavior might fly in a high school filled with troubled students, but it has no place in a contemporary university.
She teaches class her way, so be prepared to listen to every word she says, and sort it out yourself. In other words, be an adult about it. She did improve my writing; now it's up to me to apply it. She seems to appreciate the older students in the class. The younger the student, the higher the offense taken to her style.
She is terrible, mean, abrasive, unclear, interrupt's before you can even make a point making you feel dumb. Do not take this class. She thinks only her personal stories count.
This prof. Is very frustrating. She spends too much time preaching her political and religious opinions. She had some interesting ideas about Shakespeare but because of her teaching style and her overbearing opinions, I dread going to this class. She is often kind of mean and puts students down so it is hard to contribute to the discussion. Avoid!
She can be funny, but her humor can also be offensive and distracting. I think this might have had something to do with students being hesitant to participate in discussion. The textbook was just awful, and her grading standards are utterly vague, leading me to believe that she might base her grading on how much she likes students. Avoid!
Beware this professor if you are religious and especially if you are Catholic!  She turns EVERY lecture into a left-est rant or just a rant against Catholics.  Also If you are a student who values clarity also beware her, she is extremely vague when telling her students what to expect on tests and assignments.
I greatly appreciated her class. I was challenging of course, but she forced me to approach writing in an academic level that truly set me up for success at the end of the day. She doesn't try to screw around, but she does have a witty sense of humor. I was very pleased with my accomplishments in the end.
This professor needs to go back to highschool, she has clearly does not understand how college classrooms are supposed to run.  She's arrogant, full of herself, and doesn't know the subject that well.
expects too much in too little time, w/poor coverage of all. unless you dazzle her with brilliance, best to stick to a format (she has lists of do's and don'ts, including no-no words) and just follow it &amp; muddle through. admitted she kept no track of our grades. syllabus is useless to determine what's next, leaving students lost &amp; unfocused.
I've had several classes with this professor. However, she is one of the worst teachers you could pick. She is full of herself, her opinions, and not above putting students down on personal levels in front of class. I would recommend NEVER taking a class from her, unless you can handle not being allowed to learn with your own opinions.
Very full of herself. You hardly know what the content of the class is because it is covered my her opinion. To make thinks worse she gets unprofessionally angry when someone tries to respond to her opinion. She also flat out told the class that she is only prepared for class every other day. She also doesn't follow the syllabus.
I really did not find her that bad. She seems to like talking about herself but most of the anecdotes are enjoyable though not always relevant. I found the intro to fiction class very easy though I know others didn't do as well. She sets you up to get an A by explaining the concepts for you. What's nice is she wants you to think for yourself.
