Lori is my absolute favorite! She is always flexible and willing to work with you, and she always makes sure her assignments are not to hard for her students by asking the students themselves. She is always willing to meet to chat, or answer your emails! She is bright, bubbly, and the BEST professor I have ever had!
Lori is a phenominal human being and I hope to one day be 1/5th of the SLP that she is. As someone who has taken numerous classes with Lori, I genuinley feel like she is an expert at what she does. Yes her classes can be hard, but its the material, not the prof. I would die for lori.
Lori is the best!! She has so many great stories that make you so interested in the subject. The class is super lecture heavy so if you miss class you'll be really behind the next class, but she's super helpful and understanding!
Lori is a gem of a professor and if you have they opportunity to take her DO IT. She cares so much about her students and prepares you very well for all of the exams/quizzes.
TONS OF EXTRA CREDIT! Some of the material is tough to master but Lori makes it easy to understand. I loved going to class and I find Lori's lectures to be interesting but the class is lecture heavy.
I have had Lori for 130 and am currently in her 230 class. She is the reason as to why I have changed my major to SLP. She is super passionate about what she does, and has a happy-go-lucky personality. She cares very much about her students, and loves what she does! She makes it fun with how much she loves everything we talk about in her class.
She was very helpful on how to pass the class.
Lori is one of the nicest profs I've had at CMU. This class fulfilled a UP for me, so I only took it because I heard it was an easy A, which it was! The class is lecture heavy, with weakly assignments to be submitted, but besides that, it should be a breeze. Lori also give a ton of extra credit, so you really have to TRY to fail... Would recommend.
Lori is a great professor for anyone interested in CDO. She is very caring and makes class very interesting and fun. I would definitely recommend taking her if you get the chance!
She is one of my favorite CDO profs!! She is so amazing and passionate about SLP, it makes her lectures so interesting!! Her quizzes and exams are pretty straight forward.
She's a great prof and very understanding!
Super sweet and cares about her students. Multiple opportunities for extra credit and she gives you a study guide as well. this class should be an easy A
I love Lori! She is an amazing professor. She honestly has so much experience in the field. I feel like I learned more hearing stories about what she did than the class itself. CDO 230 is basically an over view of the mayor and she did and amazing job at teaching it! I would take any class if she taught it!
Lori was a blast to have my first semester of school. She is such a wonderful instructor and she made me want to further my learning in communication disorders.
Lori was such a helpful professor and she really liked to have relationships with her students. There were tests but they weren't hard if you studied. Her lectures were really interesting and I loved going to class.
Lori is an amazing professor.  Her lectures are extremely clear and very interesting.  The exams are very much like the lectures and powerpoints.  I would not recommend getting the textbook because we don't need it, everything you need will be in the notes and powerpoints. I would totally recommend taking this class.
Lori is the best professor I've had at CMU so far! She works part time at the Midland hospital &amp; part time at CMU &amp; she has all kinds of stories. Her exams are easy if you study your notes. Make sure you show up to classes that are expected to have low attendance (days before breaks, St. Patty's) because she gives out extra credit for showing up.
Amazing, beautiful, and intelligent. All words said too often, yet never enough in the context of one woman: Lori. Super smart and very encouraging, I would recommend this and any class taught by her because she makes things very easy to understand and uses real world examples like films to aid in class.
Lori is awesome, she is so much help and does such a great job. tests are pretty hard so just make sure you study ahead of time. Theres a big group project towards the end of the semester so pick a good group. She is such a great help!
Love Lori! Best in the CDO field in my opinion. She is so passionate about her profession and it comes off in class. I have her at 8am, but she lightens my morning! Cheesy, but seriously. She's so helpful and move at a steady pace. Study HARD and USE THE TEXTBOOK (learned that the hard way) It will start out hard, but get a little easier.
