The Professor provides you with all the materials you need. Her given notes are outlines, but as long as you attend lecture, it is easily filled in because that same information is in full on the slides she shows in class. Her grading is only through exams, but she gives a study guide that tells you pretty much everything you should know to pass.
I took her fall 2018 and I wouldn't take her again because the tests. The class content was really interesting, but tests were like botched games of bar trivia. She writes the textbook so pay attention to it, she may sneak some of it onto the tests. She can also be a little passive aggressive about how the class did on tests, but lots of kids skip.
I was so nervous for this class but you just have to literally study the study guide and utilize the end of chapter practice problems/ the practice quizzes she gives through web courses for extra credit. No surprises ever, so easy to do well if you study.
Dr. Rani wants all of her students to pass and she gives lots of opportunities for extra credit. If you go to class, do the extra credit quizzes, and do the self-quizzes in the textbook you will be good. Her tests are straight forward, and she rounds grades! As long as you put in the work this is an easily passable class.
At first my grades weren't so good and I almost didn't pass. She might give an extra credit opportunity if you ar right on th ecusp of not passing. SHe has great TA's that can also help, and knows how to explain the criteria to her class. Her pop tests and quizzes in class will save your grade so make sure to always study and go to class.
She wants her students to do well but does not set them up for success. Her notes are confusing and unorganized. Your grade is based solely off exams and the exams are very detailed. Questions appear on her test that she never went over... The textbook is written by her so it will be your best resource. She makes simple concepts very confusing.
She lies about what will be on each exam and how in depth we need to know each topic. If you don't have her book, you will fail. She tests on very small details mentioned in class and will occasionally test on material outside of the chapters she said to study. She does however offer a lot of extra credit in the form of quizzes which is nice.
You have to show up to her lectures because unless your a biology genius you're going to fail. She posts a general outline of the notes on webcourses but you have to go to class to get the full information. In order to pass the test you have to study very hard from her notes. She has an accent which makes it even more difficult to understand her.
DO NOT miss class! If you do miss class, make sure you READ the textbook; ALWAYS read the textbook. There will be material during the lecture that she covers in broad details, but the textbook covers more in-depth and those questions will somehow pop up on the exams. MAKE A QUIZLET for every chapter she covers!
Exams cover every small details but very straight forward, online quizzes are trickier than the exams. Her accent is not too bad, has some extra credit points, test material comes from powerpoint and textbook. Class is not as bad as reviews make it seem. Quizlet is probably best for this class.
Dr. Rani is a great professor. I just took her class to fulfill a GEP credit but her class really got me interested in the subject. As long as you study hard for the exams you should do just fine.
Need to memorize anything and everything. Questions on tests are hard and obscure. If you ask her a question she just says, "I said it in lecture". She wrote the book herself yet it is outdated and inaccurate. When you mention that to her she just repeats about lecture. Had a solid B until the final, but once again she threw a curve ball.
You literally need to know every itty bitty detail for her exams. She's also extremely rude and not helpful at all during office hours. If you have a question, check your notes and her textbook (that's what she'll tell you). Some of the exam and homework questions contradict the textbook that SHE WROTE. In simple terms, this class is awful.
Gives attendance quizzes 4 lectures that are hard 2 follow 4 notes that you can only get if you a present, that are disorganized and do not match the textbook that she effin wrote. Her reviews for the tests are not reviews they are reminders saying "know everything." Her tests have trick questions so you actually do need to know everything.
Her thick accent is extremely hard to understand. her tests sometimes make no sense with the study material. She is ill tempered and extremely rude. Do not take this class unless you are prepared to spend 4 hours a day studying.
So you have to sit through a boring lecture and memorize all the plant names and info in time for the test. If that sounds appealing then go for it. I suggest you dont.
Her lectures were very in-depth so I'd recommend going to class every day and taking those notes, you need to study to pass unless you're great at bio. We mostly did tests with the occasional pop quiz and she does offer extra credit that she adds up at the end.
This class honestly stressed me out way too bad. Theres only four tests including the final but your lowest score is dropped. A good chunk of extra credit is given. If you do bad on more than one test youre screwed for the class so you HAVE TO STUDY. The textbook is needed, random information from the book is pulled out for tests.
This is supposed to be biology for non-majors and unfortunately, Rani makes the course needlessly difficult. I personally can't attest to the second test but the third and the final exam were insanely hard and the textbook is pretty unhelpful. Take someone else ESPECIALLY if you're a CSD major. Props to adjusting the course after Irma, though.
Only 4 exams that make up your entire grade. I recommend studying A LOT because the tests aren't easy. She gives extra credit which is nice but not too much. You can only get the extra credit by going to class and taking optional quizzes!
