Prof Shreier is the professor I would love every one of my other professors to try to emulate. She has excellent examples for every concept and is extremely eager to help students succeed. Best professor at UMich
Her lectures are very engaging and fun. It's a shame that I always fell asleep in the crowded and hot MLB auditorium :( Also I have goldfish memory so this class was kinda challenging for me.
Her lectures were actually engaging. She uses a lot of fun videos and she always makes time after class to help you if you're struggling.
Dr. Schreier is definitely one of the best professors at Michigan. She truly cares about her students and makes it a point to express it during lectures. Her lectures are fun and interactive and the videos she shows are relevant and funny. I would not take Psych 111 with anyone but Schreier. She is awesome!
She's basically perfected Psych 111. Really entertaining in lecture, extremely fair about exams and assignments, and provides interesting material. Class is easy too.
Good content, very interesting and captivating info, but exams were a little tricky. I knew the information, but because there were so many terms, I would find myself at a loss trying to remember a certain word during an exam. I knew the concept, I could see it on the lecture slide, I remembered studying it, it just would not come to surface.
Dr. Schreier is one of the best professors I've ever had at UMich. I would definitely recommend taking this class with her to knock out some Social Science distribution credits.
Schreier is by far the best professor I have had at this university because she genuinely cares about her students and wants them to succeed. I may not have done the best in the class but going to her office hours so I could clarify questions and engage further with her teaching style helped. The sweetest person in the world. Take psych with her.
She is absolutely one of the best professor I have ever had, she cares about her students so much and she always prepares well for lecture. She gives out pretty easy exams and there are lots of extra credits.
Class is optional, but showing up to class is really important considering she tests you on videos you watch in class (and aren't on Canvas). Plus, paying attention in lecture is more than enough to guarantee you a decent grade.
She is an amazing lecturer, and also there is a lot of extra credit in case you mess up on an exam or something. But the exams are pretty easy if you actually study. Very straightforward. If you do the work, you get a good grade
Dr. Schreier is one of the best professors at Michigan. Caring, smart, funny, helpful - the list goes on! I wish she taught everything!! An overall great person and teacher :)
Very entertaining. Tests incredibly straightforward. Recommend to anybody doing pre-med
I waited a semester to take this class with her and it was 100% worth it. Make sure you take this class with her. It's very easy (do the extra credit that she offers) but you will actually learn so much too without even trying. She's absolutely adorable and genuinely cares about her students.
Schreier is a goat. She is the most reasonable professor and there are no discussions or homework other than 3 easy essays (literally got a 100% on all 3). She puts funny videos in the lecture from like the Office and stuff, it is really helpful to keep you engaged since the lecture is 2 hours long (the only thing I didn't like).DO THE EXTRA CREDIT
Dr. Schreier is the best possible professor for Psych 111. There are no discussion sections, so you're not at the mercy of a GSI or weekly quizzes. Her two hour lectures are a breeze and she gives LOTS of extra credit. If you read the slides beforehand and make a quizlet, you'll be fine.
She's a queen, don't take intro psych with anyone else. Very engaging and the sweetest person alive. Truly cares about her students. Do the papers, study, and you should be fine. It is just memorizing.
LOVE Professor Schreier. She made me want to pursue psychology. I genuinely enjoyed her lectures. She is great at keeping students engaged through the psychological methods she teaches. She leaves blanks in her slides, so it helps to have a friend in the class if you miss. I will look for any opportunity I get to take another class with her!
Scroll down. Read all the good reviews of her and they are spot on. Professor Schreier definitely made the exams more difficult this year. There are some problems that were not on text in the slides, but she discusses in class. Do the extra credit, listen, and answer the essays completely. You will get an A.
Definitely one of the best teachers at the University. Cares about her students so much, and offers a lot of extra credit. 3 short papers and 3 tests where she explain throughly how to complete them successfully. Really interesting lectures and you don't have to read the textbook. Pay attention to lectures and you will do great!
