Easily one of the best professors I've had at Duke. Would strongly recommend. You get what you put into the class and most of your grade is based on the portfolio and your participation in lectures.
Professor Byerly is a true educator. She really cares about her students and expects them to reciprocate her effort with their own. On the last day of class, she handed out a letter detailing why she doesn't give many As so make sure that you really work for it. Overall incredible experience.
Professor Byerly's freshman seminar is the type of course where you get out what you put in. The workload is small, but class discussions are enjoyable if you participate. Byerly really just wants you to show some effort and try to engage with the material. Class is not very structured and sometimes a bit slow, but overall pretty chill.
This is an amazing class. Treat it as a chance to experiment. If you're new to public speaking or aren't very confident in your ability, this will come easy. If you're already a good public speaker, learn from the different styles everyone else brings to the table. Your grade is mostly based on your portfolio, so put some effort into it.
Amazing class if you're a bad public speaker, but if you're already solid you won't improve much. An A is not guaranteed
Professor Byerly is fantastic. Her public speaking class is one of the most practical classes out there, and she assigns very valuable exercises to help you improve. She gives a lot of feedback and is so sweet all the time. I would highly recommend taking any of her classes.
Highly recommend for anyone who loves music and would like a low key class and does not mind little class structure.
Professor Byerly is awesome. She assigns a decent amount of reading but when you do the reading and other assigned homework is up to you - it's very flexible. This class is also good for someone who is terrified of public speaking - most of us (including myself) were to some extent. Great class.
As a second semester senior, I can say that Professor Byerly's public speaking class was easily the best class I have taken at Duke. I LOOKED FORWARD to class every Thursday. I learned about public speaking but I also learned even more about "life advice/lessons." This is a MUST. If you graduate from Duke without taking her class, you'll miss out!
I absolutely loved this class. Professor Byerly is one of the best professors I've ever had at Duke. She makes you want to go to class and as long as you show up and do the work that she expects, you will do well in the class. You'll find that you want to do well in the class just for your own benefit and not for the grade. She is amazing!
Professor Byerly is the most engaging and inspiring professor I've ever had at Duke. She was able to create such a comfortable class environment--which was incredibly necessary in a public speaking class. Her assignments were actually enjoyable and I looked forward going to class every week.
This was the best class I have ever taken, and Ingrid Byerly is the best teacher I have ever had.
You really didn't have to do anything for this class except the final project. It taught me less about the finesse of public speaking and more how to speak on the fly, which is useful I guess. Super easy class.
Dr. Byerly is incredible. Her class will challenge and help you grow, which will be super apparent at the end of the semester.  She truly cares about her students and will share all her wisdom and experience. By far my favorite class and favorite professor at Duke.
Most fun I had have with Professor Byerly's public speaking course. You will leave with confidence and a bunch of amazing stories. Recommend everyone take this class before graduating.
Professor Byerly is one of the best teachers I have ever had. She has had amazing life experiences that make the class so interesting, and we do a wide variety of things in this class that improve your overall skills for college. She is so kind, and also very funny. I highly recommend this course, or any class with her!
She was amazing! This is an awesome class to take. Everybody should take this class. Mrs. Byerly gives great feedback and helps you be the best public speaker you can be.
Participation based class
Professor Byerly was probably the most engaging lecturer I had at Duke. She's not just an amazing professor but an amazing person, giving great feedback, fantastic advice, and amusing thoughts. If you will, imagine weekly lectures as engaging and as invigorating as a TED Talks with as many takeaways and that's this class.
Professor Byerly is one the most enthusiastic, warmest people I have ever met.  She makes lectures endlessly enjoyable and teaches you a lot about public speaking and life.
