Currently taking H. Physiology with Dr. B &amp; although the class is hard &amp; exams are tricky i think shes a great professor. I would recommend that you record lectures and write down all the examples she gives (that are not on the slides). The party room is a MUST! Its very helpful &amp; also checking piazza is important. She also does x cred on exams
Class is a lot of work but she is a great professor. Everyone complains that its a hard class as there is a lot of information for a 3 credit hour class. Lot of useful information for the MCAT. Very helpful office hours and I found those to be somewhat mandatory.
The class was heavily focused on memorization, the slides presented don't contain all the information you need for testing so you also need to follow what she is saying make sure to record lectures. Don't take the class if you have a heavy semester.
Class is structured in building manner. Requires time and effort to get comfortable with material/her teaching style, but not unusually hard. Help is very accessible through Piazza question forum and study room w/ TAs. Gives lots of extra credit opportunities. Best biological science class I've taken thus far.
There is definitely a learning curve involved, but once you get used to her testing style, her exams aren't as hard. Class requires consistent review of material but help is very accessible via everyday Party Room (study room with Phys Phabs/TAs) and Piazza question forum. Best class I've taken thus far. Learned the material extremely well.
I took this vs other options bc I thought it would be helpful for med school. The convoluted manner this class was taught has NOT prepared me better than any of my current classmates. Also, I asked a TA for advice bc I was scoring the same on quizzes no matter how long I studied, and his advice was to get more bonus q's right.
Do your self a favor and take this class at Columbus State. Dr. B makes her weekly quizzes impossible and will try her best to trick you. She hides extra credit in the directions and has tricky ec questions that you only get if you go to class. If you are a pre-PA student you need H. Physiology with a lab. Take it at Columbus State!!!
I have never had a professor that I didn't like.. until I met Cynthia Bronson. She really tries to trick her students in a class that she is already over complicating. The party room is useless, and the TAs know just about as much as the current students do. I would avoid this class at all costs unless you're ready to hate your life for a semester.
Go to party room, review sessions, kahoots, and use the UGTA phys phabs as much as possible. Don't be too hard on yourself about a low exam grade for the weekly exams, four of them are dropped. Get any and every bonus point you can. Material really sticks because of the odd way it is taught. Talking through material is important in understanding
After my first year coming to an end, I can say that Dr. Bronson has been my favorite professor at OSU. She cares about her students because she offers resources for you to do well in the class. Her lectures are also interesting! Weekly exams are tough (EC on them) . What I recommend doing for this class is record lecture, and use all resources.
I am a past TA for Bronson and took her class as a freshman at OSU. You have to go to lecture to pass, no questions asked. I would record her lectures and write down anything that is not on the slides, because the slides can be accessed after class in the party room if you need them. Her tests are very tricky; make sure you know your stuff.
This is definitely the hardest class I have had. Only take this class if you HAVE to. I missed out on being able to enjoy an entire semester at OSU because I had to worry about the weekly exams. She never takes the blame when students fail her exams every week and has tried to diagnose people with anxiety, which is inappropriate. Only plus is bonus
Easily the hardest class I've ever taken. Not because of the amount or the difficulty of the work, but because she does not make things clear. Her questions are very strange, you can still end up with an F in this class even if you have a good understanding of the body. This woman is very quirky in a bad way. Take this class at Columbus State
Horrible, Weekly quizzes are impossible, two exams are impossible too. Read very carefully because she loves to trick you. If you can, take this class at Columbus State 100x better than taking it with her. There is a quiz on the same day as the midterm. why? idk.... its a horrible class.
Bronson is tough teacher with tough tests and grading system. She has 13 weekly exams with midterm and final. U can drop 3 of the weekly exams but cannot drop the exams that occurs with the midterm and final. U only have 15 minutes to do 20 questions on weekly exam. On midterm u have to do an exam and midterm in the same day. Each question is story
I spent majority of my time on this class. I studied constantly but still couldn't seem to achieve the grades I wanted on all of the weekly exams due to the nature of her exams. She does offer a lot of extra credit on each exam though. Record lectures- she will test you on many things not in her vague notes.
She expects you to put in a LOT of work outside of class to do well. Go to kahoot, party room, and the review every week to get all the extra credit points. Only read the phys cafe on the discussion board, that's where most extra credit ?'s come from and the other boards are unhelpful and take up too much time. Put in the work and you'll succeed.
Weekly tests are hard to interpret especially since they're only 20 minutes long. The class itself sucks, but what you learn and the level you have to study to get a decent grade is beneficial. Definitely good for pre med/dental students.
Good teacher and passionate about what she does, but makes the tests way harder than they should be. If you study the material, and really take your time to read everything on the exams, then you'll do fine. I did just fine in the maymester but it was 4 weeks of hell. Just keep with it!
If you are premed or dentistry, this class will definitely help you prepare for grad school. If you are pre-nursing or other, I think you better take a different class. It's an intro level weed-out course designed to deconstruct and rebuild how you learn and retain info, then apply to tricky situations. With a little physiology added in.
