SHE IS HAAARD, and expects a lot out of her students.
Truitt takes her subject and her students really seriously, and is definitely not interested in any nonsense from her students. But if you come prepared you'll learn a ton. Also, she loves tv, which humanizes her.
Professor Truitt really (really) scared me for the first part of the semester, but she grew on me in a major way. I feel that I have learned the material thoroughly, and she makes it interesting. She is really good about answering questions.
Professor Truitt exemplifies the most difficult Professor. Not only is her coursework difficult, but she teaches her material in such a way that it is very difficult to comprehend. Moreover, she is extremely flighty about her tests and quizzes and requires you to write really short papers. Only plus is that she'll let you rewrite papers.
Elly Truitt is one the the most knowledgeable professors at BMC. Her classes are engaging and you never once doubt that she loves what she does. E.T. definitely cares about her students and strives for a sense of community in her classes. She gives dense readings and will expect you to have done them. Take her classes, but come ready to work for em
Charming, intelligent, helpful and responsible. A fair grader.
She is very intelligent, but her teaching skills are weak. Her grading is inconsistent and unclear. She does not give criticisms that allow you to improve, simply gives you a bad grade with no explanation (even if asked in office hours for explanation of what was wrong with the paper).
Elly Truitt is a stone cold fox. A doppelganger for Stacy from What Not To Wear. Do not take this class if you plan to slack off and not do the readings.
She focuses on writing and would make a great ESEM/Thesis prof. You will receive a below average grade on a paper that she gives an "Excellent" for content and grasp of material if you don't use good writing skills, which is ridiculous for a History class.  She also doesn't have a great grasp on the content she teaches compared to other professors.
Prof. Truitt is a tough cookie. She is honest and direct at all times. She truly helps with your quality of writing and is tactful with her assignments. She brought homemade muffins some mornings. It was always fun to try and impress her and so her class can be motivating even if the material seems dull.
Professor Truitt is definitely a challenging professor and expects a lot out of her students, making them work hard and do their very best.  It is clear that she is passionate about her discipline and even though she may seem intense in the classroom, she is such an understanding professor outside of the classroom.
She's a hard grader and expect a lot from you - but this is how you learn. She's ridiculously smart but very approachable. She has very high standards but is always clear about what she wants from you! She brings bagels to us in morning classes. She says your American Apparel outfit is awesome. She gossips stuff in an intellectual way.. I love her!
Really smart, really enthusiastic, really clear, really helpful, really hard. Her classes are fun and also rigorous.
Amazing professor - very clear and shows a passion for the subject. She is a harsh grader though, especially on essays, but makes you aware of her high expectations.
Very, very hard professor. Can be quite condescending and discouraging at times. Assigns a lot of homework, and is a particularly tough grader of essays.
Amazing, amazing professor. She expects a lot but is very clear on what exactly she wants. She makes you want to work hard and really understand the material.
Has high expectations, but makes them clear.  Gives good lectures and is clearly enthusiastic about the subject matter. Class is tough, but enjoyable, and I learned a ton.
