Okay, the tea is that Professor Craig is the best. Only professor that has made me actually love chemistry. She makes it seem easy and explains everything in the best ways. There is weekly Aleks homework, 2 midterms, a final, and 6 lab reports I think. Go to her lectures, office hours, and ask her questions. She is so helpful and actually cares.
Dr. Craig is a fantastic professor who truly puts 110% of her effort towards her students. Throughout winter quarter, she regularly livestreamed office hours from home the weekend before the exam. She's also incredibly honest about exams and gives a detailed breakdown, and lectures are very engaging as well. Definitely worth taking a class with!
Criag is an amazing professor! Her tests are fair and manageable if you understand the practice study questions along with the quiz section problems. Her lectures are engaging and she honestly is just super great in and outside of class!
Craig is a caring and engaging professor. She provides examples in her slides and the tests are similar to the practice tests. If you want to succeed in her class you will need to go get additional help if you need it. Craig does have some pacing problems, so if you need a professor that sticks to a strict schedule there may be problems.
Dr. Craig is a great professor who really cares about the student and the content that she is laying out. I would highly recommend her courses. Mind you the work can be difficult, it is worth the effort put in to get the information out.
I hate chemistry, but Dr. Craig made it more enjoyable. I actually enjoyed her lectures, and her analogies helped me understand some of the more advanced concepts. Her tests contain trick questions, which make it hard for someone who already struggles with chemistry to do well on them.
Best CHEM142 lecturer. Pre-game lectures by reading Zumdahl and lesson notes before the lectures. She gives concept tests which help your understanding and are participation based. You could skip 1-2 lectures without penalty. She's funny as well, sometimes does experiments in class. With all said though, it's very hard to get a 4.0.
Gen chem series SUCKS, but Colleen made it better. She is great at providing alternate explanations for difficult concepts if you just aren't getting what the textbook/lecture says. She makes a notoriously intimidating subject/series approachable. If you have the option, take the whole gen chem series with her. She is the BEST!
Professor Craig has incredible command of information and good explanations for pretty much everything in general chemistry which made it easy for me to understand the content. Polleverywhere every lecture that counts toward your grade. Exams were fairly similar to the practice exams and weekly worksheets and not too difficult. Curved to a 2.7.
Chem 142 is hard, but I enjoyed taking the course with Dr. Craig. She made lectures very engaging and interesting, which I appreciated. Lectures aren't technically mandatory but she does participation-based PollEverywhere questions throughout each one so it's definitely beneficial to go.
She gives you points just for showing up to class and participating. Every class she does example problems and takes questions from students to clarify concepts AND she gets through all the content. For tests, she tells you specifically what concepts will or will not be included. She is a very reasonable teacher and she is also very funny.
For a lecture hall with 500+ students, Colleen handles it extremely welleven managing to throw in some good jokes here and there.
She's so funny and explains everything very well. Lectures are mandatory because participation counts. It is necessary to be very organized because this class requires a lot of work.
Shes a really respectable person who knows her stuff and has methods to help you learn. I took the easy way out and suffered for it. ALEKS helps more than you think. She helps with concepts but not with actual grades  that falls to the TAs. Her class wasnt the worst 700 person lecture out there for sure.
Dr. Craig knows what she is doing. Her tests are tricky and may make you cry immediately afterwards but she teaches the materially very clearly. Use the resources that she gives you and do all practice problems. Quizzes in 142 will stress you out but don't affect your grade that much. Amazing, engaging lecturer.
She's an okay teacher. Tests aren't too hard but she really knows how to trip people over. Didn't get the grade I wanted (3.5+) because of this. If I were to take this class I again, I would recommend timing yourself and doing questions from the textbook.
The best chem prof I had. She actually drops ur lowest grade and grades you on improvement, I did really bad below standard deviation on both exams and did really well on final and got 3.7. Her tricks are what she bolds in the tests, and make sure to read the textbook, it's conceptually easy to understand.
MOST DEFINITELY TAKE! ONE OF THE BEST CHEM TEACHERS AT UW
I had 142 and 152 with professor Craig, exams do have tricky questions but easy. Which means no matter you are smart or not, you can get 4.0 with no problem. Practice and practice. Her chemistry classes are the only classes I felt confident about. I felt supported and was given enough sources to study with. Best professor throughout my first year.
Dr. Craig's lectures were extremely helpful and clear. I think she highlighted everything that would be on the test well so there was no confusion about what she wanted us to learn. Also if something was not gone over in detail in class, it would most of the time not be on the test. She's also a very funny professor and keep the lecture hall awake.
