Great lady! amusing outfits hehe!
She is a wonderful professor, very helpful, very kind, takes a keen interest in students' well-being, and funny to boot!
She is nice, but I struggle at calc and had a better teacher in high school. I don't know why everyone thinks she is so wonderful... She also moves way too fast.
Love her, hated math. Her teaching made me think about majoring in math. But I realized that All of my courses would not be taught by her. Fantastic teacher. I got a 4.0 in her class and I hate math. She's just a great teacher. Thank you, Cookson!
I loved cookson!! She's amazing and a great teacher!!!!
This woman is amazing....   **so much fun to be in her class during hell week**
The only person on Earth who could ever make me love math... Thank god for teachers like her.
Cookson is a math goddess!  I swear, she can teach math to a rock.  She taught it to me and I hate math.
Cookson is a math goddess!  I swear, she can teach math to a rock.  She taught it to me and I hate math.
COOKSON ROCKS!!!
I LOVE Prof Cookson - what a wonderful lady!!
BEST math prof ever.  eneregetic, fun and interested in her own material.  her stories are the best and she is very good at clearly explaining concepts.  she is always willing to chat with you if you need help.  beware she moves quickly!
The best math teacher/prof I've *ever* had.  Talks (and writes fast), gives incredibly clear explanations of how to do problems, makes class *fun*.  If I could have her as a prof for 4 years, I would seriously consider majoring in mathematics.
I love this woman! Not only is she funny, but helpful and intelligent. It's a shame she's on leave for Calc 102 next semester!
AMAZING!  She makes calculus seem so easy.  I highly recommend taking any of her classes!
I had to take Calc for my quantitative requirement...Prof Cookson is amazing, she has SO much energy that its hard to hate math.  SHe is very clear, and explains all concepts from the beginning rather than assuming a lot of prior knowledge.  Awesome!!!!
Amazing. She made class fun, but more importantly, taught extremely well. Her lectures were concise, clear and wonderful.
