Mrs. Freeman is one of the best teachers I have ever had. She is young and cool so she is very good at relating to her students. She shows us that she cares and if you meet with her after class and show her you care as well, you will for sure be on her good side and get every chance at an A. She is also a crazy math genius!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE her!!! I can"t see how anyone could ever have a problem with this class. What was expected was very clearly laid out and she teaches at a good pace until everyone understands. Awesome. Taking her again next semester. Finished with an A.
Attendance is ridiculously mandatory. Homework can be five pages long assigned on Tuesday and due Thursday morning. I stressed over my grade but homework seemed to be weighted lightly. Tests are easy if you show up and do the work. Disappointed that there is no tech or education major bent. All pen/paper arithmetic. No lesson plans or smart boards.
Super easy class!! Homework is assigned every night but its only 12 problems max and all on my math lab so you have as many chances as possible to get a 100. Show up to class, do the homework and light studying for the tests and you'll pass this class no problem
Great teacher, willing to slow down and help. If she makes a mistake while teaching, she accepts corrections well. Classes aren't difficult but do have a lot of homework but she tells you what will need to be turned in or not.
Really easy class! She's super nice and wants you to pass.
Professor Freeman is literally one of the most sweetest and understanding professors you will ever have! She really breaks down the material and helps you learn well. She makes sure you have all the information you need to study for tests too! Great professor!
This class is ridiculous for education majors. She is such a hard grader! No calculators at all! Whole grade based off of like 6 four questions quizzes and 3 tests. No pony for effort either! She is a cold woman
Professor Freeman is an awesome professor.  Take her for any math course you have the chance to.  She wants her students to do well.  She prepares you for the tests and quizzes so nothing comes as a surprise.  I highly recommend Professor Freeman!
Ms. Freeman is the actual best! I took her for both 1710 and 1730 and made A's in both classes.  She explains concepts clearly and makes sure everyone understands before moving on.  Definitely would take her again!
Mrs. Freeman is awesome.  Three tests and a final exam.  She reviews very well and lets you know exactly what will be on them.  A few quizzes and sometimes takes up homework for a quiz grade.  Very willing to help you understand and encourages questions.  Wants you to pass.  Great professor overall!
Cant use a calculator, so if youre not 100% on basic arithmetic, expect to fail. Only 4 tests and 10 quizzes - homework and attendance dont count for anything. She makes you feel stupid for asking questions and is so confusing with her lectures. She has no sympathy and is a tough grader. If you have any other options, dont take her class.
Very good at making sure everyone understands the material.
Mrs. Freeman is great! Explains everything clearly, encourages you to come see her if you need help with something, and she is so sweet. If you don't understand something she won't make you feel stupid, she will work with you until you get it. Tests are only 20 questions each, but she replaces your lowest score with your final exam grade.
Freeman is a fantastic professor. She is extremely sweet and will make sure everyone understands the material. Attendance is only really required if you need to meet criteria for a scholarship but it has no real affect on your grade. The tests are just easier versions of the homework , do the homework and you will pass with ease.
A bit boring (she basically just reads what the book says) but VERY helpful and thorough. Lots of online homework. Tests can be tricky, but it's all multiple choice. If you study, you can easily get an A.
Freeman is extremely nice and does well in explaining the material and taking questions if there are any. If you pay attention and do the homework, her class isn't hard at all.
Freeman is really nice and is willing to help. It's a big class though and it's easy to skip class, but dont you'll get behind.  It's like math that kind of applies to math so it's boring.  She just projects the book on the screen and talks about it.  You don't need the book unless you just want to refer to for homework. The homework is all online.
She teaches way too much information for one test! it is very confusing.She does not put all of the conversions on the test. The tests are hard! Do Not Take Her if you want to past
Shes very soft spoken and doesnt care about attendance I didnt use a book for this class and still passed. Shes very nice and willing to help those who want to be helped.
