Ive taken her intro to psyc class and human sexuality with her.  I really like her classes. Don't fall asleep and pay attention. You really don't need the textbook.
Professor Oliver is great as long as you follow her rules. She can get a bit nasty at times but that is only when her class is interrupted. She does not take roll because of class size, her lectures and power points are clear, and her exams go right with the lectured material. Study the key terms and slides and come to class and you will pass.
She was easily one of my favorite instructors. She puts her notes online and she does not put anything on the test that isn't on her powerpoints. She also makes study guides and practice tests for each of her tests. Only bad thing is you CANNOT use your cellphone whatsoever in that class or bring beverages.
Dr. Oliver is great! She is funny and gets off topic a bit, but that is fine because the more work you cover the sooner the test, so let her talk!!!! She gives lots of extra credit (DO ALL OF THEM!!!) Her lectures are long and you will not do well on her test if you do not study.. Don't show up late and not phones!
Dr. Oliver's a great teacher, she's educated in her field and knows how to deal with students properly. I've throughly enjoyed her class, but I've had to work extremely hard to receive a passing grade. The material's lengthly and the lectures are long; you'll need to sacrifice a lot of time in order to pass willingly. But, if you work, you pass.
In this class there are 2 papers and 3 tests.  She gives extra credit opportunities on tests and do them because it helps your grade a lot. Tough grader on papers!
Her class was very easy. I would definitely recommend taking her for PSYC 1030. She uploaded her powerpoints online and even bolded and put all of the important terms in red. She also gave study guides. There was extra credit if you showed up to class. Just don't piss her off and come to class late or she will make a scene.
She was awesome. Going to class helps cause sometimes she gives extra notes for test answers. We did not use the book, I would not get it unless you just want it to read later in life. Gives bonus. Easy tests. Grades papers kind of tough, but I got an A and so can you.
Great teacher,class is easy as long as you show up. Plenty of extra credit but do not show up late or sleep or she will call you out and do not use your cellphone. Class is entertaining at times and her tests are easy if you study.
She is a real strict old school teacher, however she gives a lot of easy extra credit, and prepares you well for the test if you attend class. Overall she is easy if you make the effort to come to class! vI loved her and wished she taught my thinking and cognitive psych class!
I Loved this class! She's kinda crazy and has a weird laugh but I think it keeps the class interesting. She gives 3 exams and A LOT of in class and online extra credit. If you show up regularly and study you'll do fine. Don't show up late or sleep she'll make fun of you.
If you know how to follow rules, you will like this class. It requires a lot of studying. I finished the semester with an exact 100 in the class. LOTS of extra credit opportunities. And people aren't kidding about her rules, follow them and you will do just fine.
She seems kind of scary at first, but she's only like that because she knows how college students can be. Don't come in late, or she will call you out. DO NOT use your phone in this class. If she catches you, minus 15 points off your total points. There's only 150 total points in the class (3 tests), but she gives extra credit that helps a lot.
I was afraid of having her at first, but after going to class, I realized she really isn't that bad. DO NOT USE YOUR PHONE! She isn't afraid to call you out in class. Just follow her rules, go to study sessions, and do extra credit and you should get a decent grade
It is very easy to make a good grade in her class if you come to class, study her powerpoints, and take advantage of the extra credit that she gives. Make sure you turn your phone off before you get in the class. She is strict about phones and also tardiness. COME TO CLASS ON TIME. Ended the semester with an A :)
Class is incredibly boring, but easy. She gives you a ton of extra credit, and it is added to your average. SHe is very strict, do not use your phone in class or she takes 15 points off your average. There are 3 tests, all of them come with study guides with about 300 definitions, more or less.
Good teacher. class is easy to follow and entertaining at times. She provides real life stories/ examples to accompany her lectures. I was bored sometimes but overall it is an easy class. All multiple choice tests. If you know the definition to everything on the study guides you will get an A. Never leave during class! She WILL confront you.
As many have said before, she is strict. If you know how to behave yourself,then you will be fine. We need more strict professors like her. She is helpful, funny, and understanding. The class, itself, is not hard. There is no reason to fail the class due to the opportunity to get 20 extra bonus points. She requires a book, but it is for clarity.
This class is so boring. I once daydreamed the whole entire hour and a half class and did not miss a thing. She is extremely boring and I lose focus quickly.
Dr. Oliver is an amazing professor, and she really prepared me for college in general. I was a first semester freshman in her class, and she really helped to get my mindset right for being an adult and a good student. GREAT professor. Not so easy class, but totally worth the effort.
