Get ready to teach yourself because she'll show easy examples of how to find the solutions but then the webwork will be completely different. Thank god the quizzes were easier.
If you took precalculus in high school, this class should be fairly easy. Quizzes every Friday, though, and a lot of Webwork. Webwork was probably the worst thing about this class honestly, exams were not too bad as long as you look over your notes. Class is not really that necessary, all of the notes are online.
Sue Allen is a great choice for a math teacher! I loved the was she taught and how she really cares if you do well in the class. She actually cares if you understand the material being taught. I highly recommend taking her class!
Lots of webwork and quizzes, tough grader when it comes to credit on those quizzes, but she does want you to succeed.
Lectures are hard to pay attention to. She skips over a majority of the notes and doesn't go into detail on what she does cover. Cares more about completing notes in time than if the class actually understands. WebWork is nothing like the content of the notes or the exams. If you don't do good on the exams you're screwed bc that's half your grade.
Professor Allen is AMAZING. She's such a sweet lady who is an amazing teacher!! She's always willing to help, and she explains everything thoroughly. She cracks jokes during class and as boring as math can be, her class is the opposite!
Really good teacher. I barely went to class and thats on me but you really dont need to. All of the notes are online and you can watch videos to understand things you didnt get from the notes. Good at office hours and very helpful. Super sweet lady.
One of best online professors I have ever had. Her lecture videos are very helpful. And the exam questions come from everything she teaches. if you are required to take MTH 103, I highly recommend you take her online summer class to get those credits out the way. I could go on and on explaining how great prof. Allen is but Im going to stop here :)
Math is hard! But prof Allen makes it easier to understand and takes it slow, it also helps that shes funny and relates the material to something interesting about MSU most of the time! Make sure you print out the notes and bring them to class, those are very helpful with the online homework and studying for quizzes and exams
Liked her abs a person and a prof, it felt like she really wanted everyone to succeed. The class wasnt very challenging but it was a lot of homework and quizzes all the time.
They drop the 2 lowest quiz grades and they're easy. Exams are NOTHING like the practice exams. Exams consist of random things and the WebWork is easily the worst part. You could study for hours and get 70's, which i guess is good since it was normal for people to get 30's. My TA was much more helpful and clear when explaining. Textbook isn't used
Got a 4.0 and never bought or used the textbook. Not hard stuff if you pay attention in lecture. WebWork was horrible though, worst part about the class.
She will not budge on final grade even if 0.1% away. Ruined my GPA
She's really sweet and helpful and has good pace during lectures.
This class is just super boring in general. Unless you live and breath math then you probably won't get a kick out of this one. Allen is nice nothing really negative to say about her.
She speeds through the lectures but is willing to stop and answer any questions. I like that she thoroughly explains subjects but as someone who naturally struggles with math I asked her a lot of questions after class and usually fell behind. The WebWork was due way too often and I always felt behind. I spent a lot of time in the MLC.
Sue is a really great teacher. Thorough, easy to understand, is willing to take questions, and wants you to do well. I strongly recommend her.
For this being my first college math class, Professor Allen did a great job of making the transition from high school math to college math as smooth as possible. The material is difficult at times, but her lectures are easy to follow and she teaches at a good pace. She is a sweet lady and makes math as enjoyable as it can be!
She was kind and joked in class but also got stuff done. She always explained the material very clearly. Overall enjoyed the class and loved Mrs. Allen.
sue allen is the best math professor that i have ever taken! she is so caring and will respond to any questions that you may have. although I'm not doing well in the class (I'm not good at math), she makes it easy to learn! i would take her again!
