I honestly really liked Haideh. Lectures arent boring and she explains things well. Office hours help a lot too with topics you are confused on, as she will take the time to help you understand. Her tests were a little rushed but reasonable content, same with quizzes and HW.
Legit the worse class at UW. Heideh is fine, it's just that if your TA is trash, your whole grade is screwed. My TA refused to hear my explanations and only grade WORD FOR WORD from the answer key. Quizzes are only 20% while Exams are 60%. They don't give enough time for exams at all, so even if you know the material, your grade will prob suck
Ok honestly Haideh is super caring and nice and tries to help you understand the material as much as she can. Obviously Econ is going to be a hard class so don't expect to go in not trying at all and getting a good grade. As long as you go to office hours and genuinely try to learn the material, you should be fine.
oh my god make my quarter 1 full of sadness
Great lectures, and super helpful if you go to her office hours with questions. She uses specific examples that are easy to remember which is a lifesaver when it comes to remembering material for the tests.
At first, Haidehs class was very frustrating. The ARQs are stressful, and she is certainly a hard grader. Shes pretty predictable after a while. Read the book and understand the examples. The majority of her quizzes/exams are similar to questions from the book and her PREVIOUS EXAMS. Do all her practice questions and seek extra materials
Even you think you know the materials really well, you still cannot get a good grade on your tests.
TAs for the course are incredibly unhelpful and overall have no interest in helping you learn the lecture material. The quizzes and tests are then proceeded to be graded word for word to the answer key that she creates. You end up getting docked even if you completely understand the material. Don't waste your time with her as a professor!
Haideh isn't a bad person, at least that I noticed, but her class is unnecessarily hard. It's the kind of class that makes you feel horrible about yourself when you walk out. There's also 5 (maybe 6?) quizzes, two exams, homework every week, and in-class participation. She isn't evil or anything but she grades waaaay too hard in a hard field.
Really tough grader, have to be very specific.
Professor was fine. Assigned lots of reading, almost no homework. The problem is she clearly does not care who her TA's are. My TA spoke very little English and was very rude when I asked simple questions. Grading is ridiculous. If you get the right answers but explanation is not matched up exactly with the rubric, expect to do poorly.
The test is too heavy. This class is too hard. I think I will take again this class, but I would not choose this professor.
Although she is a great lecturer and makes you understand her lessons and concept very well, her quizes are unnecessary hard. She needs to make the instructions MUCH clearer because there would be times you would get points subtracted for an explanation for a very niche thing. If she wanted more details in the answer she should specify it.
This course, per department policy, is a zero-sum game - the average must be set between 2.8-3.1 within every section. Lectures are consistent, if boring, and attendance is required with proprietary digital clicker questions graded by accuracy. This is a challenging course, but Haideh is very caring and helpful in Office Hours. TAs can be hit/miss.
Trash. Getting a 73% on a quiz where I got EVERY ANSWER RIGHT. Pray that you can take your prereqs with someone better. Decent lectures, but will screw you over with no recourse. I will be submitting a bad course eval too. Best of luck.
TOUGH grader. Pray for a good TA and be as clear as you possibly can on her quizzes/tests, otherwise say goodbye to points. Unfortunately had her earliest lecture so I was a little out of it, but she's an engaging professor and has interesting stories applying to the concepts. Clicker questions were frustrating sometimes; read the Q+A's carefully!
Just going to reiterate that she's a tough grader. Lectures and hw are easy to follow but her multiple choice questions are quite difficult, nothing at all like the homework. She provides a LOT of practice material and is very accessible, so take advantage of these resources. She tells interesting stories as well and makes lecture enjoyable.
Haideh grades really specifically and her exams are so subjective it's difficult to do well. The curve this quarter was helpful, however we only received a curve because there were a lot of low scores on our final exam. I fell asleep multiple times in her lecture because of the long tangents she would go on with no seeming relation to economics.
If your goal is to learn something, she is a great professor. She does a very good job explaining concepts, and she is always there if you need help. However, if your goal is to bring your GPA up, she is the worst professor. Her tests are mostly multiple choice questions, and the choices for each questions are unclear and sometimes arguable.
She is a FAIR grader, not a tough grader. She may test you on something that stretches your thinking, but never tests you on something she never taught. As long as you do the assignments and the readings, there is no way you will get anything below 3.5. If you got a bad grade, you should blame yourself, or your TA if you are taking ECON 200.
