Great instructor. She does have a strong accent in the lecture videos, but you are still able to understand her. A lot of quizzes but they are simple. Many extra credit opportunities!
If you dont show up, youll miss a lot. Textbooks is good for remembering but dont rely on it
I'll be honest: I had her for her REL 100 class, and only took this class because I thought she would be an easy grader and offer extra credit like her other class. But she makes you work for that grade! An interesting class, with interesting discussions. If you put the effort in, getting an A is not an issue. Amazing class!
Kefeli is a good professor, albeit it might seem like a lot of hard work for a level 100 class. Stay on top of your assignments, attend classes regularly, and invest into a clicker. I passed her class with over 100% because of how much extra credit she gave out. It may seem daunting or intimidating at first, but you adjust in time. Don't slack off!
She has a pretty thick accent but you will get used to it. Lots of extra credit opportunities, the clicker points in class are EC, last couple of questions on the test are extra credit. There is a study guide for the test which are semi helpful. The review sessions are helpful. 4 Test, which are pretty difficult but doable. Lots of online quizzes.
She's interesting and passionate about the subject, but I don't think she respects her students very much since we had to spend around $250 for her class alone. It's very easy to get an A if you do all the homework and go to class. You honestly don't even need to pay attention in class if you listen to the people around you or check the book.
You have to buy the book for the class, which sucks, but she doesn't deserve the low rating. She's got a thick accent, but her class is ridiculously easy if you show up to class. I earned over 100 points of extra credit from the clicker exercises, and if you go to the review sessions or just read the lectures she posts, there's no reason to fail
I ended her class with 107 extra points because if you go to class she offers LOTS of extra credit opportunities. Her lectures are boring but nothing unmanageable. She gives you lots of time to complete online homework, which can be tedious but is very doable (multiple attempts on most of it). Shes a nice lady and her accent is easy to get used to
IF YOU LIKE BUSY WORK THIS IS THE PROFESSOR FOR YOU! SHE IS PASSIONATE AND SWEET HOWEVER LACKS AUTHENTICITY IN LECTURES AND DOES NOT MAKE SUBJECT INTERESTING. IF YOU ARE EFFORT ORIENTED THIS IS THE CLASS FOR YOU. THICK ACCENT MAKES IT HARD TO UNDERSTAND.
You should go to class because almost every class you have the chance for extra credit points. You receive a decent amount of homework but make a couple of friends in the class and do them together.
All you need to do to pass this course with an A is watch the videos and take semi-extensive notes. Theres more than enough extra credit opportunities to make up for missed questions. Anyone complaining is simply too lazy to bother with school in the first place. This is NOT a difficult course. It simply requires a lot of time investment.
This course, in a typical week, has multiple quizzes and an exam. There are many lectures and you MUST watch them and take notes in order to make good grades. Overall, the content is not difficult, but you will need to set aside numerous hours for quizzes and exams.
Dr. Kefeli's class was an interesting introductory course to world history, her assignment were never difficult. The tests were very easy to get perfect scores on if you stayed awake and came to class every day. She did a lot of review of the important things, offered extra credit and was very engaging. I really want to take a 300-400 lvl. with her
Easy A class, weekly assignments, tests easy enough if you know whats on the study guide, lots of chances to redeem yourself with extra credit clicker questions
She gives great lectures with insightful historical perspective. This class was the most interesting introductory course that I've ever taken.
She is a really good teacher and she is passionate about what she teaches. She has a student that takes her own time to tutor at night. However, for a pre req, the amount of money you spend on textbooks is ridiculous. One textbook is just her powerpoints on paper with crossword puzzles.. (required book and expensive!)
Dr. Kefeli gives very long, very dry lectures. But at the same time, you can tell she loves what she teaches and is very clear and specific about what she teaches you. As long as you show up to class and take the online quizzes, it's almost impossible not to pass. Get the clicker because she gives out a ridiculous amount of extra credit.
She gives very long lectures, but they can be pretty interesting at times. There is a lot of extra credit given through clicker questions. Attendance is mandatory, and she enforces it by collecting in class hw at random times. While the class itself is very boring, Dr. Kefeli is a great instructor and I would definitely take her class again.
She has an accent that you'll get used to after a couple weeks. SO MUCH EXTRA CREDIT! If you go to the lectures, she emphasizes certain points to hint they will be on the exam. The exams are long and the questions are specific, but there's so much extra credit in the class that everything will balance out. If you have an work ethic, you'll get an A
Her lectures are very long and can get boring but she tries to make them as lively as possible. She gives a lot of homework but for the most part, it is simple. She does extra credit. Very fun and knows a lot about what she teaches.
