You can miss class, but don't skip all the time. It's pretty straight forward as long as you go and do the reading. You have to attend concerts as well, like choir concerts.
Mrs. Lindahl is definitely one of my favorite instructors i've had so far. I took her class for a WI. Not very challenging, but broadens the mind. If you need a WI you should take her class.
Very nice professor that offers LOTS of extra credit, even free points on tests (ie. "just mark A"). If you're struggling, which shouldn't happen much, she is very accessible for office hours and gets back to you frequently on emails. Topics are also interesting and easy to learn also it's just music and learning to appreciate it. Fantastic class
Super easy class for nonmusic majors. Definitely have to put effort into studying for exams if you want a good grade but there are a lot of easy points in the class to boost your grade if you don't do well on the exams. Tons of extra credit points (I went into the final exam with over 100% in the class). Online HW due before class is easy.
Susan is a great professor and offers a ton of extra credit. It is extremely hard to not get above an A- in this class. No attendance is taken, however, there are 12 quizzes throughout the semester. Most of the time you can use your notes, she provides you the answer, or gives you points for trying. This is a very easy class for a UP.
Professor Lindahl is easily one of CMU's best. Plenty of extra credit opportunities, and attendance is not taken, although there are weekly "quizzes" that you can use notes on. You have to attend 2 concerts outside of class and write a review about them but it isn't as bad as it sounds. This is a very easy class, and Susan only helps to prove it
She was awesome! Doesn't take attendance, but does in class responses randomly. Easy A if you have the notes. Exams you can use a notecard, so it isn't too bad. Plenty of opportunities for extra credit! Would definitely take her again.
Pay attention in class or get notes from a friend and you'll do fine. There are in class quizzes at the end, but you can use notes. 3 tests, 2 concerts and 1 project all easy to get A's on. She is helpful if you email her or talk to her after class. Boring class, but super easy A.
Lindahl was a great professor to have for this class. You are required to go to 2 concerts for the class throughout the semester, but less than other mus114 professors. If you keep up on the online quizzes (you can always get 100%) and do the extra credit youll be totally fine. She really wanted her students to succeed and is very helpful!
She isn't the most sympathetic professor, but it is so easy to pass the class. She offers so much extra credit and you can take the quizzes until you get 100% on them. Show up to class though because there are little in-class responses that add up to 150 points throughout the semester. You have to attend 2 concerts and write about them. Overall OK.
Organized professor, very nice lady, and very understanding. Easy A if you attend class and put forth the effort. Learned a lot I have never known before. Would recommend if you were to take the class.
Great class.  All you have to do is show up and pay attention (make sure you get the right notecards). I went to a performing arts school in middle school so I already knew most of the things but she does explain things really well and she is willing to help if you dont. The class was with about 200 other kids so go to her office hours, if need be.
Dr. Lindahl is great! I am not majoring in anything music-related, but took this class because I heard it was an easier WI. She doesn't even give that many writing assignments, and the ones that she does assign are easy. The homework is really simple and the exams aren't too bad either. Go to class because she does in-class assignments sometimes.
As I'm sure for many who are reading this I am not in the music program nor am I an expert even after this course. But it was a really easy to pass course, professor Lindahl offers a ton of extra credit and you can't not get a 100% on the online homework and quizzes. If you need a music class for graduation this is the way to go.
Prof. Lindahl was great. She knew that almost the entire class was taking it because it was an easy UP. Easy homework- online music guides that had to be completed in a week. No reason why you can't get an A. All the answers were in the book, so the assignments were very easy. She's a great prof. if you don't understand music, as she makes it fun!
Although I don't understand music nor have I ever taken a music class, she made things very simple. The only way you wouldn't pass this class is if you didn't do any of  the work. If you put in the effort, regardless of your test grades, you WILL pass with an A
Professor Lindahl is a great professor, who does a good job at explaining the idea of music to non music majors. She gives you guided notes, and if you pay attention you will do good on the exam. She offers lots of extra credit, and gives you ample time to complete assignments.
Professor Lindahl was an awesome professor. She is very passionate about music, and it makes it easy to put in the effort. If she can tell you are trying you will get a good grade. Attendance is highly recommended.
Susan was a great professor. She gave many extra credit opportunities, and allowed everyone to pass with at least an A if effort was put in. Showing up to class is not mandatory, but is very helpful in order to receive a high grade. She is very passionate about music, but is also respectful to those that aren't.
I really liked her! She was very respectful to students and understood that not everyone would learn at the same pace. Very organized!!!! Loved the online quizzes that you could take until you reached 100%. Lots of Extra Credit opportunities. She really cared about music and teaching music to students who probably have never studied it yet.
