Dr. Bedore hands down is the best mentor I have ever had, she is very kind hearted and pure spirited. Very attentive, caring and understanding. Dr. Bedore will definitely push you out of your comfort zone and does an amazing job at giving positive feedback, she even helped me as a mother. She shared so many stories and lessons that truly touched me
By far the best professor I have ever had in my life. Dr. Bedore is an amazing speaker, and can improve communications in any setting. She is truly talented and a fantastic public speaking professional. This university will not be the same without her, but I wish her the best of luck and success.
Amazing professor and speaker. Her passion to make sure her students not only excel in the class, but beyond, is phenomenal. I am positive that what I learned in her class will stick with me from here on forth both in my social and professional life. She's inspirational and is also a great mentor. Thank you Dr. Bedore!
Dr. Bedore is an amazing professor! She makes class fun to attend. I wish for the best for you in Florida!
Best professor I've ever had, hands down. Her passion for her students and energetic teaching made class exciting. Her stories not only made the material easier to understand, but were also amusing and insightful. I highly recommend taking this course. Also,if you're looking for an inspiring speaker, she definitely won't disappoint.
This will be your most unforgettable class ever. Class is not hard, and she always compliments you whenever you make progress. Amazing professor. You will hear many sincere stories in class. And if you like in-class games, then this is the right one for you. You won't regret!
Dr. Bedore is the best professor I have ever had. She encourages interaction during lectures which made them really fun and interesting. Her assignments were very helpful for learning the material. I learned a lot in her class, I would recommend it because is very useful.
She's so energetic, you won't fall asleep even if you take her early in the morning. She isn't a hard grader, but she is strict about turning in all work and attendance.  but other than that it's very chill and a good way to start the day. also summer 2013 is her last semester!
Amazing the only class I took on a Friday morning and never hated a minute of it. She is a great professor and helps you no matter what the situation.
Comm 101 with Dr. Bedore was honestly an easy A.  She is ALWAYS smiling even in the 9am class. The assignments are mostly straight out of the book, with detailed examples for the essays.  You can simply copy the format for outlines/essays, so I don't see why anybody can't get an A. Overall an easy and enjoyable class.
Dr. Bedore was probably the best teacher I had this semester. She really tries to help you out and is a lot easier than the other comm teachers from what I heard. She's also very funny and nice!
Best Professor at Mason period!! She has wonderful stories to tell, class was always interesting and very meaningful. She taught me more than I would've expected when I signed up for classes. Like she said this should be Life101 instead of Comm101.
I had Dr. Bedore this past spring and she was by far one of the best teachers I've ever encountered. Her stories make the information easy to remember and interesting as well and she is just an all around great person, I absolutely loved her! Definitely a best professor at Mason hands down!
Dr. B was great! Whenever anybody was confused with a concept, guidelines for a project, etc. she was very helpful! She's also funny and keeps a lively class atmosphere! :)
OMG Dr. Bedore is hands-down the best professor I've had in my entire academic career.  She kept me engaged with her stories, helped with any confusion, and spiritually guided us to becoming better, more complete people.  This class should be called LIFE 101, not Comm 101, since she teaches everybody the best life lessons that I'll carry forever.
Class was never boring, plenty of stories to keep you interested, she clearly loves her job, and does a good job of getting nervous individuals over their fear of speaking in front of groups.  Paper grading is kinda random, and gives examples of what NOT to do with the format rather than what will get you a good grade. Take her! You won't regret it
Best teacher ever! I had her this semester and I enjoyed going to class each day. She really cares about her students and does her best to help. Her stories were also great to hear! I recommend taking this class!!!!
Best Professor at Mason, if she isn't the best I'm dropping out of college! Her class is fun and  helpful. I love Dr. B class if I had the chance I would take the class over again just to hear the story she tell.
Dr. Bedore is great. I took her this semester and really enjoyed it. She is very positive and helpful. She responds to e-mails quickly and with a lot of help. I DEFINITELY recommend taking this class with Dr. Bedore. She has interesting stories, and it was a great way for me to start my morning in her class.
She's GREAT! Take her class!!!
