Dr. Patzewitsch is very passionate about her field and is a lively presenter. Simply show up to class everyday and take notes and you'll pass. Her exams are based off what she says and presents in lecture. The grades are based off exams only so just study your notes beforehand or go to SI sessions and you'll do fine.
Such a nice professor! Attendance isnt mandatory but you should still go to class because she shows in-class videos that questions on the test are from and she also occasionally will tell u a question shes putting on the test. However, if tests are not your strong suit, dont take her because thats the only grades other than a project.
She had very clear due dates, although she did not offer extra credit, her class was pretty straight forward. The tests weren't hard if you listened to the lectures. The online lectures were really short. She bumped up my grade too. Assignments were easy and she graded easy too. Lots of grades to help also (quizzes, assignments, exams)
This class was okay, but a little boring. If you watch all the videos and put a little effort into the project (follow rubric to a T), you should easily get an A, but some of the quiz questions were very picky; most were pretty manageable. There are two tests (midterm and non-cumulative final) which are pretty similar to the quizzes.
They provide weekly work that's easy to keep up with. There aren't too many exams and the prof gives a week or so before the exam to let students study. There is a semester project that involves some research but nothing too extreme.
Her tests are extremely hard. I went to the study sessions offered by the academic success center, went to test reviews, and every single lecture and still made a D in the class. Youre graded by 3 tests and a final, but the lowest test grade is dropped. I recommend her if youre up for a challenge, but if youre looking for an easy A, not her.
Not gonna lie this class is HARD. Patzewitsch does not have any points on her lecture slides and talks fast (and is boring) but be ready to type/write as fast as possible. The only grades are the 3 tests and a paper, so make sure you really study for the tests. Each test covers a ton of material and every question is "all of these are true except".
Her lectures follow the book but she explains with her own bias opinion. There are only 3 grades posted and all are exams, final is optional. Her exams are true/false based &amp; are very tricky. No help when it comes to understanding content or the core project. High key DO NOT recommend.
Dr. Patz is an incredible lecturer. She really knows her stuff and stresses things she thinks are important. I studied hard for her test and got A's on two and a B on one. The final replaces your lowest grade. I got an 89 and she won't bump me:) One project that takes like 2 hrs. Tests are hard, look at her slides.
The quizzes and tests were both very easy. The assignments were okay, some definitely were harder than others. Overall, this online class was a pretty easy A. She drops an assignment grade and a quiz grade so even if you mess up on one or don't understand the instructions you'll be fine. Take this if you need an easy science.
I loved Patzewitsch as a professor! She has a funny personality and really has a way of making you see more sides to different stories. Her tests were consistently based off of lectures, so reading the book is optional but of course helpful. The course is based off of 4 exams but she drops your lowest grade.
Great professor, passionate about the subject! Grade based on your best 3 of 4 exams. Exams based almost entirely on lecture. Show up, take notes and review them before the exam, and you'll do good.
I took her for GEOS 101 and she was a great choice! As long you show up, participate in class, and do the homework, you'll get an A. She's super sweet and knows what she's talking about!
Only 3 exams and nothing else so your grade relies on them. Her lectures are long and boring but the exam is 80% material directly from lectures. If you takes notes in class and memorize the ppt (posted online) you should get a B/A
I took her upper level geography course as a Freshman. Her tests are based solely on her lectures. The only time I used the textbook was to study maps. The slideshow she uses only has picts and videos, so if you don't go to class then you will not have any material to work with. She has short 10 page readings that you will have a few exam q's on.
This professor has a genuine interest in teaching her class. If you enjoy lectures, that's all you have to pay attention to in order to do well. Only homework (for Geog301) was extra readings which were 20 mins at most. Show up, pay attention, learn, take good notes, and you will do good
Just show up to class and listen, and you will get an A.
Show up to class and write down to powerpoint slides (and take notes on the videos) if you even want a shot at doing well in the class. She doesn't post her powerpoints online. The test questions are straight from the notes, just read over them a few times the night before the tests. There are 3 tests and a final, but the final is optional.
I didn't use a textbook and forgot to study for every exam. Basically, show up to class and write down what is on the slides and your good. She is super nice but will sometimes go off on tangents. There is one "project" that counts as part of a test, other than that this class is graded by 4 tests but she drops the lowest one.
She was a nice person but she didn't post her slides online so if you don't go to class you won't get any info.
