She is hands down one of the best professors that I ever had. The lectures were very easy to follow, but to understand the posted slides, you most often had to attend lecture. The exams tested your knowledge, but if you go and get outside help the exams are a piece of cake - and you can get extra credit. I would highly recommend her as a professor.
You need to attend lecture to understand anything, and then outside of lecture you need to look at the slides and make sure you understand what is going on. Study... a lot. The exams are nothing like what's done in lecture or recitation so make sure you look at the practice exams before hand and make sure you know how to do everything on them.
Good professor. Lectures are well prepared and executed.
Very active in class, allows questions and explains in strong detail, doesn't treat you like an idiot for the question, explains things in a way everyone can understand but not at a pre school level.
Once of the best professor's I've ever had. She is extremely competent and knows exactly what she is talking about. She explains things in a way so you actually understand and can connect different concepts, rather than struggling to simply memorize topics. She cares about her student. She is a powerful, intelligent woman, and a great teacher!
Pollack is hands down the best chem professor for CEM141 and 142. If you come to class, actually listen in lectures and do the practice exams to study, you WILL do well. She cares about her students and gives you pretty good hints at the exam review sessions about what will actually be tested. Great teacher!!
She dumbed things down in lecture, nothing seemed hard at all. All of the exams after exam 1 were very hard in my opinion compared to lectures and homework.
Great professor, all of CEM 141 classes are given the same exams so I would chose her to take the class with. Hard class, but I would pick this professor in order to do your best. She wants you to succeed and will help.
Did not care when I went to her struggling on over 3 different occasions. I went to her when my exam score was a 61% and she told me to go slower. I spent hours on end studying and her exams were stupid-ly hard. She wasn't willing to help me when I needed it the most. Didn't reply to my emails until the day of the exam. Terrible.
Lectures have a lot of information but she is a really good teacher and makes really good connections with other examples that aren't on the slides. Nothing on the exam that she didn't say in class. She knows what she's talking about, it's the class and it's concepts that's hard.
Her lectures are packed, but mostly even though she is a good teacher, she makes the subject that much harder, and furthermore is a very tough grader. Her exams are really hard, and if you skip class it's a sure fire 0.0 grade with her subject.
Dr. Pollock is a great professor and one of the best I've had at MSU. If you actually pay attention to the lectures then you will be fine. She makes chemistry easy to understand and a 4.0 is not very hard to get.
Gives a great understanding of chemistry with clear lectures. A 4.0 is very achievable if you put in the work. Clickers and homework are for participation, but you will not do well if you don't try in them (which doesn't take a lot of effort). Textbook is free, but I rarely used it.
Really good lecturer. Made the class interesting, and the material easier to understand.
Nice professor, impossible to learn from. I might be biased here, but 95% of the semester consisted of yes or no clicker questions, which doesn't help in teaching important/difficult content. I struggled on the tests despite the format (answer is either A, A B and D, C and B, D and A) which makes it so difficult when you're rushed for time.
I hate Chemistry but Professor Pollock was able to teach it in such an interesting way that I didn't hate going to the class. She was always super organized and always knew exactly how to get the correct answers from us. The homework went over what we covered in class and would take half an hour tops to complete. Plus it was participation based.
Nice lady, and a decent prof. She has her moments where she seems like a high school teacher, and doesn't want you on your phone or computer (even to take notes). Readings are assigned but you don't need to read. Good option to study for exams. Multiple choice questions are wordy and you can be right but you didn't put "the best answer".
This professor is honestly amazing. She teaches in a very effective way. As long as you pay attention, and take good notes, the class is not that hard.
She was very clear and easy to understand. She always encouraged questions.
This class is honestly one of the hardest I have ever taken. I attended every lecture and recitation, completed all the homework, and even went to the help room when I was confused. With that said, the exams were very difficult and I struggled on all of them. Amy is a good teacher and is very knowledgeable, the material is just very intense.
