It's a hard class but if you can focus for an hour every day then you'll be fine. You can't fall behind and you need to focus in class or you wont learn. Book is useful and online homework helps too
She's a challenging professor. I wish you luck.
If you've worked hard in previous math classes, congratulations because this class is 90% review. Kadyrova is useless, so I recommend asking your TA questions or forming a little group to work with. The graded homework will boost your grade, so try to rake in those hundos. Definitely do the test reviews and go to the review she has. You'll be fine.
Overall, I thought she was a good teacher. She gives you notes to print, which is really helpful and the recitation is also really helpful (if you have a good TA). She can be a bit intimidating and her accent can be hard to understand, but she really does want to help you learn the material and succeed.
Be prepared to do double the amount of work you expect out of this class. My biggest mistake was putting my trust in her for too long, and because of that I had to put hours into getting a decent grade. Her lectures and homework assignments are meaningless. Just read the study guides she sends out and you're set if you understand the concepts.
I get that its not easy teaching in a second language, but its not hard to teach efficiently in general. Shes not approachable, shes not friendly, shes rude to her students, and makes learning precalc 3x more complex than needed.
This professor was maybe the most boring teacher I have had. Her voice was very dull which made the lectures very difficult to get through. I would see a lot of students not show up and if they did they would usually leave half way through. I feel like the amount of homework was decent, but the homework was definitely more difficult than the tests.
You need 100% attentiveness to understand her accent. The language barrier is incredibly difficult to overcome. Luckily I already took pre-calc, so retaking this class was a breeze.
Awful language barrier. Tried taking this class twice and had to drop out because of her lack to communicate both times. I thought online would be easier so I could read what she was saying instead of having to listen and even that was rough. Horrible at doing problems, does not actually teach, and when she does she just does the problem w/out expl
Absolutely terrible. Made easy concepts way more difficult than they had to be, did every problem in an extremely complicated way that was in no way necessary. Stopped going to class because there was absolutely no point in going. She gets mad when you have questions and makes no effort to be understood with her incredibly thick accent.
Terrible teacher
She is the worst teacher ever. Nothing else needs to be said. There is literally no reason to go to lecture. If you do go you will want to tear your hair out. Good luck.
Makes mistakes on problems during lecture and online notes even her tests have mistakes.
Worst professor I have had and the tests are hard and makes everything way more difficult than it needs to be.
Lectures seem long and boring. The material she taught was not that difficult, but the way she taught it was not useful and often made an easy concept seem confusing.
Kadyrova was hard to understand in lecture and often times her lectures would be confusing and hard to follow. She often regraded tests because she was unhappy with the TA's grading and she would change grades on some tests and not others even though the answers were exactly the same on both of them.
Not a great professor. She gets mad if you ask questions and always makes mistakes when doing math.
Irina is hands down the worst math professor. My recitation TA even believes she should be fired, but the problem is she has tenure. Parts of this class are easy and some parts are difficult. The class should be an easy 4.0 if you do the extra credit and do decent on tests, but I would avoid this professor at all costs.
During lectures she doesn't explain the process of working out problems, she doesn't spend enough time on challenging concepts, and her expectations of what to know for tests are unclear. The content itself is not terrible, it is just the teaching style that could improve. Avoid this professor at all costs or prepare to teach yourself with youtube.
She is not a good teacher to begin with, she doesn't explain anything and then she has the thickest accent which doesn't help.
