Amazing! Best professor I have ever had!
Great with feedback! I love when professors take the time to examine the work us students put in, and actually help. Both a great educator as well as a facilitator! Thank you, Sri!
Sri's method is not very productive for some, but extremely effective for others (like me). She gives extensive written feedback and pays very careful attention to your writing. I came into expos knowing I was going to suffer (not a fan of writing), but Sri made it much more manageable. I learned so much with her that I started even enjoying it!
Sri is a superb Expos preceptor who truly cares about her students' academic and scholarly growth. She teaches a rigorous and demanding curriculum that requires students to formulate compelling papers with well structured and progressive ideas, and she is effective. Most of all, her feedback on student work is impeccable and enormously thorough.
Dr. Mukherjee is one of the best instructors at Harvard. Her teaching was largely responsible for bringing my academic writing skills up to a whole new level. Her instruction combines peer analysis, class discussion, and lectures, couched in a literary context, and her feedback on our writing was meticulous and enormously helpful.
Sri was one of the most helpful and instructive professors I've ever had. I learned to craft arguable, sophisticated theses &amp; support my essays with a complex progression of ideas. I also greatly improved my critical thinking and analysis skills. She was not only skilled but passionate about her field, inspiring me to pursue the humanities!
Sri's selection and analysis of sample essays that applied "complicateextendcounter" moves to the authors' ideas really helped me with synthesizing how multiple texts spoke to one another instead of simply reading a source in isolation and laying out what the author's argument was.
Dr. Mukherjee's class was immensely helpful in honing my skills as a writer. Prior to Expos 20.066, I frequently got away with writing "flowery" essays filled with SAT words. That doesn't cut it for Dr. Mukherjee. This isn't a highscool writing class. Dr. Mukherjee, always willing to help but never willing to handhold, is a superb expos preceptor.
Sri is an exceptionally talented instructor. Sri is aware that new concepts she presents take time to implement and gives thorough explanations on how to effectively support &amp; advance arguments. I appreciate her clear expectations, both verbal and written, and her thoughtful feedback. I’m a different reader, writer, and thinker after this course.
Sri Mukherjee is one of Harvard's gems. She is not only lucid in her manner of conveying key ideas, but also genuinely cares about her students' success. She met with me several times outside of class and provided extensive feedback on my work. Two years later, her writing strategies continue to be essential tools in my academic writing at Harvard.
Sri Mukherjee is a highly intelligent and very talented teacher. Most college freshman do not have high school English experiences that prepare them for college level writing. Professor Mukherjee helped me to make this transition smoothly. She helps you to advance your essay and writing using methods applicable and useful in all college writing.
On 5/12/11, I submitted a rating on ratemyprofessors.com. Much to my dismay, I realized that I gave Professor Mukherjee 1's in Helpfulness and Clarity, when my intent was to give her the HIGHEST ratings (This is VERY clear in my comment section). Consequently, I registered to ratemyprofessors.com to modify my error. She is one of Harvard's best!
Sri is an brilliant and engaging professor who teaches students to create strong academic arguments and guides students in the transition to scholarly writing. Her class and feedback is focused on ideas and skills rather than mechanics, which allows students to apply her revisions to all of their papers rather than just her assignments.
Sri is an incredibly engaging  professor. She guides students to arrive at their own ideas and is very knowledgeable about cultural interactions. Her class is very much idea driven, and her feedback on papers focuses on writing skills rather than the prompt, which allows students to grow into their own style as they progress from paper to paper.
Sri is a very personal professor.She works with your strengths and identifies and resolves your weaknesses.She guides students rather than being authoritative, and allows us to grow as opposed to being forced in a particular direction.Her attention to detail is excellent and the amount of individual attention she gives each student is unparalleled.
I have just completed my writing course in Harvard summer school with Dr. Mukherjee. She is resourceful, amiable and eager to offer help outside the classroom. The course is fantastic and I have learned the essence of college academic writing through this fast-paced course. Thank you so much, Dr. Mukherjee and I hope to work with you in the future.
completed 2nd week (12 hours)of summer expos 20 &amp; just finished first one on one conference. prof is very challenging &amp; engaging (plus cute). wish had similar conferences in my other course, really helpful
Before Expos, I couldn?t even use a comma; bouncing between inner-city schools had avoided me writing an essay. Dr. M is not only clear, thorough(applying all concepts beyond Expos),and engaging, but dedicated. She constantly worked with me, even when off. Her dedication literally caught me up to a college writing level: by far my best teacher yet.
Sri was an absolutely fanstastic teacher. Her instruction was precise and clear. Assignments were challenging, but we never lacked direction. Help was always available. I left the class feeling that I was a far better writer than when I'd started.
Sri is a superb teacher on all accounts. She adeptly factilitated class sessions to engage all students in rich discussions that continually challenged and expanded our understanding of course materials. Her thoughtful, thorough critiques of our work reflected her passion for teaching and her strong interest in students' growth.
