She is absolutely amazing!
This was my second, and not my last, semester with Ms. Murphy. She is incredibly intelligent and caring about what she teaches, and encourages students to care about it just as much. She's a fair grader and her lectures are very interesting. It is VERY important to read the textbook for class and for the quizzes at the end of the chapters.
Her class is not hard. She does gives quizzes every period over class material. These quizzes are online about 15 questions. She also has a 3 to 5 paper on a deviant act that one has to commit and some discussion post. Overrall, it was not hard. However, One has to pay attention in class to answer the quizzes and discussion post online.
I love this woman! If I had extra finances to take this class or any of her other classes I definitely would! She is a tough grader to some but she is very encouraging and holds the class to high standards. Some topics aren't as interesting as others but she always has personal examples. Hate my time with her is up for now. TAKE HER!
I like Ms. Murphys class. Shes very knowledgeable and she has very interesting stories that she talks about them as relavent example to concepts we learn. Shes probably the best sociology professor at university of Memphis. We did not have tests, just four main papers in addition to online quizzes and participation and attendance.
I really think she's doing these reviews on her own. She's very rude and tries to talk to people like they are children. I'm not a student that's just make bad post about teachers. I'm graduating with an 3.4 GPA so trust me stay away from this class. I left a comment before and its gone so I posted again. Stay away from Kendra Murphy's class.
professor murphy is overall a good teacher although her ego is huge.. she comes off as if she knows everything, and answers students' questions as if someone was always questioning her intelligence. it is an easy class and grade, she allows 3 missed classes before grade is affected, and is very hard on late assignments.
While she came across as a little abrasive at first, Dr. Murphy grew on me by the end of the month. She is straight forward and expects a lot, but she cares about her students and their grades. Class was mostly power point lectures with plenty of class discussions, and at the end of chapters there were easy quizzes. We had no tests.
Dr. Murphy was an easy A if you read the assigned reading, come to class ON TIME, and complete her discussion boards.
Mrs. Murphy truly is a real gem at the University of Memphis. She's raw, real, and honest. Be a good student and she will do her part too. Super interesting lectures. I would take her again if I could.
Was very easy and funny. All you have to do is go to class and do discussion posts and you will pass. Rarely any tests but they were easy as well. Would definitely take her again.
Ms. Murphy is not a tough grader. She give you everything you need to know with plenty of opportunity for questions. Attendance is a big deal Bc she does discussion boards after each lecture. Discussions are super important and goes towards participation. No midterm or final. Just 10-13 easy quizzes. One project which was fun and easy. Recommend
Kendra Murphy is an okay teacher. She does not give extra credit and she is very strict on assignment deadlines. Once you have missed an assignment with probable cause, you cannot make it up! She keeps you in class for the whole entire time!
NO GROUP WORK!! Mrs. Murphy is an amazing teacher that LOVES her job. She respects the students and she takes her job seriously. She is wonderful during her office hours and very ready to help with any issues you may have. She is fair and as long as you do the work and show up for class, you have an A. GREAT. Definitely taking her again!!
She is very helpful and understanding about grades. She had quizzes and discussions to every week and they were pretty easy.
I loveee Dr. Murphy!! I would take her for every class of I could! Like everyone else said, she's strict on being late and cell phones but you won't even mind b/c this class is so worth it! Lectures are easy to understand and she will help you all day long if you need it! I even did my project for another class on her! Take her if you can!
Mrs. Murphy was the best teacher I've ever had. She came off kind of rude at first but she is passionate for Sociology. She's strict on cell phones and showing up late, but it didnt even bother me really. She took daily participation questions on what you were supposed to read for homework-these would make or break you. I definitely recommend
Amazing teacher. Have to put effort in to do good, but if you are interested then you will enjoy her class. You must attend, bell work everyday on reading. If you do a general skim of chapter then you should pass bell work fine.
My favorite teacher. I had her in the fall and still wish I was in her class. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Made you wont to come to class. Very passionate about teaching. I would love to take her again. Attendance is very important. So is listening to her in class. Gives information out kind of fast, but if you ask she will allow you to record her lectures.
This class is super interesting and she makes it that way. Besides teaching from powerpoints she throws in her personal experiences to give examples. Class goes by super fast. DO NOT BE LATE! She has a huge problem with cell phones and tardies so be aware, but other than that she is a great professor to have for this class.
