Best professor of all time. Use all the resources she provides on canvas and watch all the recordings!
I love this crazy cat lady with my whole heart. Her exams are more challenging, but she's such an amazing and engaging lecturer that it makes up for it. She goes out of her way to be accessible and gets to know many of her student my name. No lie if you email her a picture of a problem you're stuck on she'll get back to you in minutes.
I hate chemistry, but Dr. Nolta is the reason I'm still pushing through. She is an amazing lecturer and you can tell she is 100% committed to her job.
her notes are SO perfect and she keeps lectures very entertaining
She is literally the best human ever and is so nice. Talks to you like you're an equal and is always willing to explain a concept to you, even if you need her to 584329085 times. This was the first lab I have taken that I actually enjoyed and I believe a large part of that was attributed to her.
AMAZING HUMAN BEING!
Nolta is the best professor I have ever come across in my entire life. Orgo is v tough but she makes it understandable and actually enjoyable. She is cute and quirky in her lectures and even gave us candy bars at her workshop one time. She goes over the entire coursepack which is so incredibly helpful. Go to her office hrs+every extra workshop!!!
Dr. Nolta cared about the success of her students. I bombed the first 2 exams, but did very well on the final 2 and received an A for showing an huge improvement with my test scores. She also provides A TON of resources and additional help in-person and over email. Highly recommend, especially for the spring/summer semester if available.
Can't recommend her enough. She made me want to go to orgo lectures (not just because of the need to learn material, but because her lectures are actually quite enjoyable to attend). I laughed a lot in this class, and she seemed to really care about her students. Make use of many of the resources she provides (ex. past exams) and orgo will be fine
She is the best and most caring professor I have ever had. Made orgo so much fun! Her notes are amazing, too!
Very informative class but requires memorization of SO. MUCH. INFORMATION. where studying usually ended with rocking back and forth while laughing uncontrollably. Exams are about 20% multiple choice and 80% short answer questions and are brutally specific, but compensated from a huge curve and by having Nolta. I wouldn't take this with anyone else.
Nolta is 100% WORTH THE HYPE! If you can, wait + take orgo w/her. Teaches in a way that's easy to understand + notes are beautiful (color-coordinated!). Genuinely wants you to succeed + has lots of resources to help you. Nicest lady, makes lecture fun and engaging (songs of the day every lecture that relate to material). Gives out candy 24/7 also
Nolta is an amazing professor and a very kind and genuine individual. She wants each and every one of her students to succeed. I struggled with orgo in the beginning but as I reached out to her the better I became. It's really worth it to go to her extra office hours/workshops, and use all her past exams to review for tests . Take orgo with her!!
Nolta is the sweetest professor I have ever had. She is soo caring and wants you to do well in the class. Her lecture boards are BEAUTIFUL and easy to follow. I would recommend going to her office hours/go aheads/workshops. I found those to be more helpful for the exam than lecture. I found her exams a lot harder than the practice exams though.
I love how Nolta obviously cares about her students and how they understand the material. She knows it's hard. But she is so willing and available to help students. Her enthusiasm truly knows no bounds and that is amazing. She's also pretty OCD and makes fun of that a lot, which is super cute. She has so many resources of her own as well as others.
Dr. Nolta is just a wonderful wonderful human. I was terrified of taking orgo, because I didn't like gen chem much, but she made me LOVE it! voluntarily signed up for orgo 2 next semester because I just can't get enough. Might change to biochem or chem major. She is very clear, but office hours are what really seals the deal. Go to all of them.
I hate chemistry a lot but actually enjoyed this class. Nolta is one of the best teachers I have ever had and is very caring and welcoming to students who struggle. If you have to take orgo, she's worth waiting a semester if you have to.
Orgo is very difficult, in general, but Dr. Nolta will show you your way through the material. She makes lectures understandable, her office hours are sooo helpful! GO TO THEM (coursepack solutions!) Her exams are "tough," but they are really just comprehensive and wanting to know if you can do the material inside and out.
I've heard that in previous semesters the chem 216 lab has been difficult and time consuming but Nolta made going to lab every week a very pleasant experience.
Dr. Nolta is one of the best professors I have taken here at umich. She cares so much and her lectures are truly an experience that I wont forget. Her extra OH (which she doesnt have to do but still does) are amazing and I recommend going to them. Introduce yourself to her, you wont regret it.
