Ulbrich is an awful teacher. She refuses to lecture, and instead makes the students work on busy work for the entire period. She asks for advice to improve the class, and rejects any ideas that require her to put forth effort. She refuses to work with students who have complaints. I should have dropped the course.
So disorganized. Too many learning tools teaching completely different concepts, and there's nothing tying it all together. She hasn't lectured once because she thinks "students don't learn anything in lecture". We work on worksheets in teams every class. I'd have no idea what's going on if I didn't watch recordings of other professors' classes.
Passive aggressive, you can't ask questions until after class, when you get the chance, she answers questions with questions. Talks about our feelings rather then actual chemistry. Treats all students as children, which is degrading and offensive. Had no takeaway from that class. Pointless and a fair amount of homework 5/7 days.
Her notes were incredibly hard to follow and the tests in this class are extremely difficult. The tests are designed to trick you even if you know the material. Her lectures are incredibly unclear and most of the material covered in the lecture is not even on tests. Avoid taking her class if you can.
Very unorganized, doesn't post notes, extremely passive aggressive. Take any other gen chem teacher and you'll get a better grade.
The class is difficult, but if you put the time in you will get results. As for Ulbrich, do not take her class unless there is no other option. Unclear in lectures and the test are not over anything that is taught.
She can not teach. She's confusing and is very slow and does not get to the information we need to know. She also treats students like we are back in middle school which is very annoying. Inn general she is not respected by students and she should not be.
Absolutely the worst teacher I have ever had.  She took pride in making things way too difficult, and had a general bad attitude about teaching the class.   The tests were next to impossible.
I don't know why she got so many bad reviews. Yes, the class was challenging, but no more so than other chemistry classes. I thought she explained things pretty well, and she helped me when I asked.
She teaches well, but misleads her students into thinking that exams only cover lecture material when it is only briefly covered on exams. Often, most of the test covers foreign material that was never even discussed in class. Also, she words the exams in a non-understandable way, and doesn't give straight answers to questions asked in class.
She taught well in class, but she totally misleads her students into thinking that exams only cover lecture. The majority of the time, there was stuff on the exams that was not even covered in lectures. I don't want to be tested on foreign material! Also, she didn't always give straight answers to questions asked in class, which was frustrating.
While this class was one of the most challenging in my academic career, professor Ulbrich has the uncanny ability to fully teach all of the challenging material in her class. She provided students with as much help as they needed and her well organized class well-prepared me for other chemistry courses. She was not only a genius but also kind.
Chemistry classes are supposed to be difficult but avoid her classes if possible. The exams are ridiculous. A low D average is acceptable for her.
Worst teacher ever.  Not flexible, confusing as hell, and inconsiderate.  DON'T EVER TAKE HER CLASS UNLESS  YOU ABSOLUTELY HAVE TOO!
A frustrating teacher to have for an upper division class. Does not come prepared for classes, barely knows the material and commands no respect over the classroom. Don't be surprised when the tests are on material barely covered and make no sense. She overall is one of the poorest instructors I have ever had.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Never in my academic career have I had to endure such incompetence from an educator. Ingrid Ulbrich makes this course ridiculously more complicated than necessary, and ruined what could have been a pleasant class for me. She deliberately tests students on material she does not teach, and, in short, does not do her job.
Doesn't teach what is on the exams. Class is damn near pointless to attend. Doesn't answer questions clearly. Exams are confusing and no review guide is provided even though the class has hardly any guidelines to begin with. She's awful. Find another professor to take this class with.
She didn't answer questions during lecture.
Chem is not an easy subject, but she does her best to explain the topics and help students get good grades. If you pay attention in class you'll know what will be on the tests. She's completely reasonable and I did very well in the class without devoting all my time to Chem.
Dr. Ulbrich was a fantastic instructor.  She designed the course around the interests of the class and used actual research problems from the students as homework.  We learned enough in class to do the homework, but we weren't spoonfed the material, nor was the homework a regurgitation of lecture material.  This was my favorite class at CU.
