Great instructor, caring, and nice. Goes over content thoroughly, tells us what topics will be on the exam, and even allows a cheat sheet and formula sheet to use during the exam. Could even drop our lowest exam grade. SPSS assignments were annoyingly tedious to complete but helpful in learning and understanding material.
Absolutely awful. She is a kind lady but her lectures are hard and she goes too fast. The only ones who do not struggle in her class are the ones who already took statistics in high school.
For someone who really hates math, Bauer was a great prof. Daily attendance through an app, but u don't have to be there. double sided handwritten cheat cheat allowed. 4 exams, lowest is dropped, 1 cumulative final. recitation was pretty annoying. if u find urself falling behind, make sure to get a tutor asap.
Attendence is taken through app, so you don't really have to be there. She allows a "cheat sheet" for tests. Strongly recommended
Shes a great teacher. Took the same class in high school and did terribly. Took her class and got a high A. She is insanely intelligent and sweet. Very helpful outside of class. Lets you review your tests and lets you bring in some notes for test days.
Great professor. Makes Stats easy, and I've never taken it before. Cheat sheets on all exams and final. Lowest exam is dropped. Fun and interesting lectures. Make the cheat sheet thoroughly and it's an easy A (it also forces you to study. Would 100% take again! Also, lectures on youtube if you miss.
Prof. Bauer is an excellent professor, and makes Statistics manageable and sometimes even enjoyable. You will learn the material and be thankful that you did.
Easily the best professor I've had at NYU thus far. Even if you're afraid of statistics, Beth makes it easy to understand and pushes you to do your best. Go to lectures and put the work in and you'll be golden.
I absolutely loved this class and this professor. She teaches the material extremely clearly. Lowest exam gets dropped and each exam (including the final) allows for a cheat sheet. Also, if you ever miss class, her lectures are on Youtube! Highly recommend
Organized, amazing lectures, applies stats to real life, really knows her craft. Honestly speaking, she is one of the best professors I've had at NYU (saying alot, because I've had many of the "hyped" professors at nyu). The material gets hard toward the end, but thats not her fault. With consistent studying, an A is achievable.
SHE'S AMAZING. TAKE HER. I hate Stats w/ passion, but loved this class and went to every single lecture because she's perfection. Her lectures are so helpful- clear, funny, and always gives clear/ interesting examples. Always open for questions and available outside of class. Drops one exam and gives you many other opportunities to redeem yourself
One favorite teachers at NYU thus far. As a student who enjoys math but has never been excellent at it, I found her class quite manageable and rewarding. One tool I found quite helpful was in actually reading the text before exams. Sometimes I could not follow her lecture at such an early hour, but I found the text beyond adequate. Not hard.
a lot of people saying it's critical to go to lecture, but i disagree - you'll make an easy a if you go to recitation and pay attention to what you're writing down on the cheat sheet she lets you bring into exams. it's all about practicing the material, and between recitation worksheets and homework assignments there's plenty opportunity
Very responsible, organized, helpful professor. Effectively reduces math phobia. Incredible that she has 3 office hours each week - not that you can go for all three every week - try to find your TA instead - but that shows her commitment to teaching. Exams are fair. Grasp the basic concepts and you should be able to do well with some practices.
Good professor
Bauer is a great professor and wants students to do well. Her lectures are clear and exams are fair. Like any math, the end builds on the beginning so keep up
A lot of people seem to think she can be a bit intimidating/sassy but that's really just her sarcastic personality. Her lectures are packed with a lot of good information (which can sometimes be overwhelming) but she is good at explaining when needed. She can be slightly impatient, but only because she holds everyone to such a high standard.
Very difficult, comparable to Calc 2 in teaching and difficulty. Heavy workload like Calc 2. The only people who are able to do well have taken AP Stats in high school. Don't take it with Bauer unless its a requirement.
I took MA stats during my first semester of grad school and planned my whole schedule around Dr. Bauer's class because of the reviews I read here. She's amazing - I've been afraid of math my whole life and now I can't wait to take more stats classes! Entire grade is basically based on 4 exams - remember concepts are as important as computations!
You must pay attention to the lectures, you will not pass otherwise. The tests, especially towards the end of the semester are extremely difficult. You MUST study for these test. There is not a lot of leniency in her grading. She also was not very  patient or helpful when I attended her office hours and she seemed annoyed by students coming to her.
