My most difficult class this semester. Professor was difficult and outside optional work is key to succeed in the class. Being self motivated is what allowed me to receive an A in this class. Ask questions and she'll answer them, but Bonnie is very blunt and will not slow down unless you stop her. Not a great professor, but class is do-able.
The absolute worst class I have had to take ever. Everyone suggested trying to avoid Bonnie as a teacher but unfortunately I got put with her. Lectures are confusing, Bonnie is condescending to questions &amp; she never finishes her slides. Recitations are led by Bonnie so you get no other views. Group cases are too difficult. Homework isn't related.
I was afraid of going into this class because of all the reviews. Bonnie is a great professor. To pass the class: go to lecture for extra credit (there is material not discussed in the videos), watch the videos before lecture, and just actually try. It is a tough class but the material is so repetitive that it makes it easy. Just apply yourself
She always doesn't have proper arrangement for the lec, and cannot finish the full content of the slides. Also, she never post full slides that she missed and still test the content. Sometimes, the lec makes the easier class material more confused. Take this course with another professor if possible.
There are 2 professors teaching BUS2320 &amp; you have to take it in Fisher- biggest advice? Do whatever you can to NOT get Bonnie. Her lectures actually make the content more confusing and she comes across very condescending. Material is pretty tough, but Bonnie makes it worse and recitation is borderline useless as the TA's just follow her lead.
This is probably the worst class I've taken at Ohio State. Bonnie is nice and probably means well but is an awful lecturer, so bad that I feel like lecture has made the material tougher to understand. The class is very poorly organized and you will have to spend a significant amount of time teaching yourself the material if you want to do well.
Absolutely useless as a teacher, unsure how she still has a job teaching. Her teaching material has no logical flow, everything is online, she doesnt actually show you how to solve practice problems, the problems on tests are things that have never been discussed in class, doesnt let recitation leaders teach so you wont get another perspective.
This was by far the most difficult class I have ever taken. Currently I have an A by a fluke, however most of my peers have D's and F's. All of the material is extremely confusing. Lectures are not helpful and boring. Consumes more time than my other 4 classes combined. Avoid at all costs. Her emails seem condescending. Take course at C state!!!!
I got an A in this class but it was by far the hardest class I have taken thus far. The material isn't necessarily hard itself, it's the way she teaches the class. Instead of teaching us how to use formulas she used an online tool all semester, which we cant use on exam. Make a study group with some other ppl in class so you can help each other out
2320 might be the worst class that we're forced to take at Fisher and Mrs. Schroeder does not make it any easier. The material is confusing and repetitive and she doesn't really know how to organize it in an easy-to-understand manner. Just go to class for extra credit and then be like me and vent your frustrations through this website.
Bonnie's lectures and videos are confusing. The class concepts are not that hard, just go through the lecture notes and make sense of it on your own. Read your textbook or online or go to the TAs for help. Definitely study the practice exams she posts! AIM TO GET ALL THE EXTRA CREDIT OFFERED! There is close to 70 points offered of extra credit!
The class is super unorganized since you have lecture notes, lecture videos, and recitations that are all teaching different things. She doesn't do the best job explaining but it is a mandatory business class so suffer through it. Just got to lecture for extra credit and somehow teach yourself the material and you'll do okay
I am in her class right now and I can tell you I do not understand a single thing in this class. All of this material should be so easy but she makes it so difficult to understand. And all the case studies she assigns are so vague that you don't understand what to do.
Truly an awful lecturer. She makes material that should be fairly staright foward very hard to understand. If you ask questions, she will be condescending. I would suggest trying to get into Draper's class or at least going to his lectures. Otherwise just try to teach yourself because she is useless.
Waiting for one more grade to be put in, but will most likely get a A only because I was able to teach myself the material before exams. Very poor lecturer. Does not fully or properly explain anything, and is very hard to listen to. Try to get any other lecturer.
Bonnie is a nice lady but her lectures are terrible. If you have her I highly suggest going to another professor's lectures instead of hers, I didn't learn anything from her lectures.
Her lecturing only makes the material more confusing than it really is.
She cannot teach period the end.  Lectures are very confusing and she never explains anything just assumes we all get it.  She has an attitude whenever someone asks a question.  Even her emails she send sound condescending towards all the students.  If you can find another professor to take this class with do it or take it at CSCC.
She is terrible at explaining things, usually she makes topics more confusing. She is awful at organizing lectures and covering topics. She's nice but is just awful at teaching. Be prepared to learn the material on your own.
If you do the work and show that you're putting in effort, you're not going to have any problems with Bonnie. Tests and 3 cases are all very straightforward with a few rogue questions. She can be intense but if you go to office hours and study it should be a relatively easy A. Gives tons of extra credit on exams and homework so make sure to do it.
