Amazing lectures
great professor
gunderson is so sweet and she does cartwheels! she tries to make things as clear as possible but they make the tests incredibly hard. make sure you get a good GSI who will review well for tests.
Dr. Gunderson is the ideal Stats 250 professor. Only some lectures are mandatory but go for extra credit. Dr. Gunderson says a lot of helpful things and stresses important ideas. If you have to take Stats 250, take it with her.
Brenda is an experienced &amp; intelligent professor. It is clear that she has been teaching this course for years, &amp; thus knows the best way to communicate relevant ideas. The only complaint would be that she speaks at an extraordinarily low volume, so that it is often difficult to hear her. Despite this, she is the best current Stats250 professor.
Gunderson is easily the best of the stats professors at Michigan. It doesnt matter at all what lecture you register for because you dont need to go throughout the semester. Just watch all of Gundersons lectures on Canvas a week before the exam and you will understand everything. She does a great job explaining and entertaining. (1.5x speed)
Gunderson is the queen of stats. She explains things clearly and in multiple ways if she sees mass confusion. Goes through examples thoroughly and seems to really care if her students are understanding the material. The class apparently used to be easier but now the exams are pretty rough.
Gunderson is great. Period. However, you need to be warned that there is no curve for the course. Over half of students got a C or less on an exam, and it still didn't matter. The grading is so meticulous that even one mistake will cost you an A. You would be smart to take Gunderson -- give yourself the best possible chance to do well if you can.
She is one of the best prof I have ever had, she always knows what she is talking about and she genuinely cares about her students,
DO NOT TAKE STATS250 UNLESS ITS GUNDERSON. I cannot emphasize this enough. the other profs make everything so complicated but Gunderson is a god send who makes everything so clear and records lectures. stopped showing up to my own class and watched hers, grade went from C to A.
Dr. Gunderson was a great prof. Knew the material perfectly and was the reason I attended her lectures at 830am. Very helpful outside of class too, and lots of extra credit opportunities if you attend lectures in person.
Super kind and she makes her lectures easy to understand. You can tell she really cares about teaching the class. The tests are a little tricky, but even just reviewing the notes will probably help you get 70% of the material down - the rest is just doing problem roulette or practice exams. Go to as many lectures as possible to get extra points.
Gunderson is revered as the best stats professor, and unfortunately that's true. Lectures are SO boring, especially if you've taken stats before. MLB3 is also definitely designed to make you sleep. You can barely miss anything on exams before your score tanks. Exams also line up closely to orgo exams, so be warned. Doable, but painful
she's a sweetheart
Took this class 2 years ago and I just remember how cute and fun she was. She personally writes congratulatory letters to those with high grades. Stats can be tricky, but if you take good notes and read exam questions carefully, you will get an A. I remember last day of class, she did a cartwheel. Really a sweet and cute teacher
This class would have been a nightmare without Gunderson. She explains concepts thoroughly and simply, and is willing to explain them in a different way if you ask. It's easy to lose points that add up on tests, so make sure you study as much as you can before each exam. She's very entertaining during class.
I didn't have Gunderson, but watching her lectures does wonders! Grades are majorly based on exams which are honestly not hard to study for but it is easy to miss points here and there. I definitely spent a good amount of hours reviewing before exams and don't think it is hard to pull at least a B/B+ on exams if you put time in before!
Gunderson is the best choice if you must take Stats 250. I would have done much worse in the class without her. She clearly communicates material that can be confusing. She also throws in entertaining slides about her family, vacations, etc. Now and again she does a cartwheel. And she includes lots of exam review in lecture, which is a bonus.
STATS 250 is most definitely no longer a blow off class like it once used to be. Even doing practice exam after practice exam and studying for hours for exams, I can only manage to get Bs on the tests. The content isn't anything difficult, but the tests are extremely nitpicky for no reason. However, Gunderson is very sweet and helpful.
Stats is not the class for me (love the material, can't perform well on exams making up most of the grade). That being said, I loved going to class with Brenda. She is so sweet, so intelligent, and very good at lecturing. Takes time to go through the material so that nobody feels left behind, lets class out 5-10 mins early, and is very easygoing
