I took this class online. The online lectures are ok and the professor seems nice. The problem with this class is that it is extremely unorganized. You can barely get in touch with the professor or the TAs, you can't e-mail them directly, they don't answer the phone during office hours. Exams are extremely hard and they don't even offer extra cred.
Take this professor she is great. I missed an A by three points and she allowed me to re due a lab to get the remaining points. There are no plus or minus in the course, so if you dont get an A (4.00) you get a B (3.00). she has great lectures online that are concise and she also gives lecture power-poin for you to fill in as well as a study guide
Sleeping and Dreaming, includes 4 exams and 6 short labs. No discussion boards or papers. Take good notes on the lectures and study well because you cannot use notes during the exams. I found her lectures to be easy to follow and she is very clear on what will be on the exams. The textbooks are pocket size, inexpensive, and mandatory.
I actually love this class! It's a hybrid so you only have to go in on Tuesdays! I know people in other psych classes and their exam averages were D's, but our class average was a B. The module readings take a while but she tells you exact questions that are going to be on the test! She gives interesting lectures and makes everything easier!
Fast track online course, perhaps my fault. Called Sleeping and Dreaming. Prepare to learn 3 full chapters in two weeks, memorize all info. Learn the brain inside and out. Lockdown browser and Webcam monitor so no notes on tests. All just videos of her lecturing, some easy labs, and a test for every unit. Don't take if you have a heavy class load.
One of the easiest classes you could take at ASU. Exams are all very straight forward and all questions are either from class content, concept check quizzes (on learning path), and test your learning slides (which you do in class but are available online for studying). make sure to do Sona Research early and get extra credit.
Very strange teaching style, graded almost entirely on tests, and long lecture videos (about 1-2 hours per week). 3 Exams and 1 Final make up 2/3 of the class, along with a midterm assignment and 5 labs (which are insanely easy). Material was simple if you know basic psychological principles, but for whatever reason I still didn't enjoy this class
Modules are so long and boring but not really worth to read since the exams are only based on the quizzes in it. Exams are pretty hard bc it covers such a wide range of information and has tiny details. She's sweet but the lectures were boring. Only have class on Tuesdays! Offers extra credit on 2 things (attendance and SONA credits)
Dr. Mae is really an interesting professor, a little quirky, but has amazing lectures. If you are not prepared to read and gain a lot of information, do not take this class. However, if you are interested to learn a lot about psychology she is a great professor.
I dont enjoy hybrid classes so that was one reason why I didnt like this class. Also she was very bland in lectures and you arent always sure what you're doing. I am a nursing major and this class im struggling the most in because of the way it is taught. Would not take again with this prof.
Took the accelerated online course. Changed textbooks 3 times in the first 3 days of the course putting students approx $150 in the hole before we were given correct textbook information. Resulting in stress and a week of lost class time. Lecture heavy. Exams test more on memorizing names as opposed to understanding of over all material.
Dr. Mae is a knowledgeable women who clearly has a passion for Psychology, but unfortunately her exam's are TERRIBLE and NOT fair. I'm a Junior in college and I've taken plenty of exams. Hers are by far the WORST. They're all online and once you choose an answer you CANNOT go back. If you accidently click C... too bad. Overall, STAY AWAY!!
This class is mostly graded by 4 online exams (that are very fair). There are 5 labs that are easy and one midterm assignment that Is not difficult to complete, but is quite subjective for an exam style assignment. Lectures are not long and super interesting, but video quality blows. A is not difficult to obtain and you will enjoy the class overall
I took her online PSY 350 course and it was way better than I expected. You have 4 exams including the final that are majority of your grade. Homeworks are 5 question labs. You also have one midterm concept assignment. Overall, wonderful teacher and easy lectures. Take this course online!
Tests are exactly what is on the lectures, as long as you study the study guide- you will be fine. About 3 extra credit assignments offered for like 5 points, but they help so much!
Note outlines are a big help, but Mae rambles during lectures and glosses over at least one thing on each slide. Online IN CLASS tests are a nuisance. What kind of test doesn't let you check your work or move onto easier questions?? Would've preferred a paper test. Tested on a lot of trivial material, including class demos and statistics.
Just need to take 4 quizzes in class to pass, all the information is in the lectures but she doesn't go into very much detail.
lectures are not helpful and I went to the Ta's office hours all the time. She has a very hard time making her points clear. DO NOT TAKE
Good professor (not amazing but good) and very reasonable. Lots of material to cover and can seem overwhelming. Quiz-let will be your best friend. Lots of extra credit to get and DO YOUR RESEARCH CREDITS EARlY.
(For Consumer Psych) Incredibly easy class. Everything on the test is on the study guide-- no surprises. Interesting class, would be nice if it was more challenging. I found the book far more substantive than the lectures.
