This is the most challenging class I have taken at Michigan. With that said, the work is incredibly rewarding and you will learn chemistry on a deep level. During the class you will be very frustrated at times, but when it is over there is a definite sense of pride and accomplishment for persevering. Make sure to do the PREP!
Dr. Gottfried is a great lecturer and she puts more time into helping students learn chemistry concepts than any other professor I've had. Lots of people are put off immediately by her exams but that's because they test your reading skills and ability to pull information out just as much as your chemistry knowledge but that's what the PREP is for.
PChem is a difficult class no doubt. But Dr. Gottfried is always very willing to answer questions, whether in office hours or on Piazza. Her tests are difficult, her coursepack is challenging, but I've learned so much from this experience. You will be trained to work really hard in this class and will be pushed to your limit but you will grow!
She is one of the best lecturers I've had at this school. Her exams are pretty tough but she gives "improvement" extra credit points, you only need 75% on iClicker, and the class is a curved scale. She records OH and answers literally every single Piazza post. She really wants students to do well. MUST DO PREP SHE POSTS (w/ the key) TO DO WELL.
She's very approachable and her lectures are clear. Since there isn't really a textbook for this class, you have to make an effort to attend the lectures. The exams are pretty hard but she gives you a lot of resources (practice tests, etc.) to study from.
Lectures are elementary compared to her rigorous exams. I recommend NOT taking this with any other difficult courses. Despite providing a ton of great resources for practice and feedback, a large sum of time is dedicated to do well. Attendance isn't mandatory but clicker points can be used for those who don't want their grade to be 100% exam-based.
This class is the worst class I've ever endured. There are 7 extremely difficult exams, with the final being cumulative. Gottfried is a good lecturer, but her lecture material is extremely basic compared to her exams and she choses for it to be this way. The stress level created for this class is too much to handle for any student due to the exams.
The lectures cover at most 10% of the material on the exams, so most of exam preparation has to be done on your own. Homework is useless because it is not even 5% as difficult as the exam. By the way there are 7 exams for this one class! She explains material well after class but the exams always have new material that very few know how to solve.
She's alright. Super nice and approachable, but this is honestly one of the hardest classes I've taken here. PREP is the only way to actually prepare for exams. I understand it's difficult to explain such complex concepts, but lectures often felt a bit barebones. You'll learn a lot, just be prepared to work
This course is difficult but there is no other instructor that I would have taken this class with except Dr. Gottfried. She is super approachable and really dedicated to helping you do well. She explains the material well but of course wants to challenge you to succeed so don't expect an easy A. Be prepared to work hard and don't give up.
Yes, the class is time consuming and difficult, but Dr. Gottfried gives amazingly clear lectures. I would 10/10 take a class with her again!
Gottfried's exams are extremely difficult. The material she teaches in lecture gives you the base for what you need to know, then through a lot of PREP practice and self-study you start to learn what she'll ask on exams. She does want everyone to succeed, and she gives a lot of her time for that. Use Piazza and office hours as much as you can!
Gottfried is approachable and makes sure you understand the material. There's lots of office hours and if you post on Piazza she responds very quickly. However, her lectures/homework are NOT representative of exams AT ALL. Be prepared to rage while doing the PREP and rage again at the exams because they are wayyyyy harder than any lecture material.
Dr. Gottfried is an incredible professor. Although this is debatably the hardest pre-med class at the University of Michigan, she explains everything in a way that makes sense. She seems to genuinely want her students to succeed. That being said, her exams are extremely difficult, but she does curve them. Would not take Pchem with any other prof.
She's a stellar professor, and although it's true that the exams will likely push you beyond your limits, you can do well in the class. You get one exam's worth of points for midterm improvement, homework, and discussion as a buffer. Also, PREP is divided into sections by topic, so start the problems as soon as something is discussed in lecture.
While Gottfried appears to be nice superficially, her exams are simply too difficult, and the class is even worse than orgo in that she teaches you extremely easy barebones stuff, and you literally teach yourself essentially everything else. There is really no point in paying for this course when I have legitimately taught myself all the material.
Gottfried is the only thing that made PChem bearable. She's one of the most committed professors on campus and wants to help her students. Her exams are extremely difficult, but she holds so many office hours to help us understand the material. This would probably be my least favorite course if any other professor taught it.
One of my favorite professors at Michigan. She teaches clearly and makes lecture engaging. She provides tons of opportunities to ask questions in person and online, and always makes a point to be thorough, as well as make sure all students have the opportunity to ask their questions. Dr. G's class took heavy commitment but was extremely rewarding.
Dr. Gottfried teaches you how to mature in your thinking.  Every PChem topic has some key concepts, all of which are relatively easy to learn by doing practice problems, but the exams require you to solve problems of unprecedented difficulty to apply those concepts. She wants you to do well, and you can. Take a deep breath &amp; ask for help if need be
Great professor, really cares about chemistry and her students. She makes it clear what you have to do to succeed. She writes some tough exam questions, but gives you plenty of practice to prepare. Surprised she doesn't have a higher ranking.
