best professor ever, detailed oriented, patient, always takes time to explain my questions, best mentor ever.
I kept hearing that this was the hardest undergraduate psychology class at NYU, but most of the difficulty was in her lecture. She doesn't use powerpoints, so most of the class is her going off on random tangents that made it harder to take cohesive notes. Do good on the midterms and final and you should be fine.
She lectures without powerpoints so you have to make sure to write everything she says down, cant skip lectures. The textbook should be used but the lectures are not based off on it. So tests are on text,lecture, and assigned readings. Writing assignment which is worth a test grade. She is really nice and curves the tests a little bit.
To understand the material and perform well in the class, you have to actually attend lecture and pay attention. (SHOCKING, I know!) However, Professor Andersen makes it easy to do that; she's very knowledgeable, awkwardly funny and engaging. If you're uninterested in the material, lazy and prefer memorizing slides, do not take this class.
andersen is a real gem-a wonderful caring person, and the material in personality is so fascinating! it's actually very easy to get an A bc her lectures require your engagement, and the readings really aren't hard- they're SO interesting. ended up w/a higher grade in this class than any other class bc she curves exams generously
So. Prof. Andersen is a wonderful person. She is incredibly intelligent, but Personality was unreasonably difficult due to the amount of material crammed into one semester. The reading is excessive and there are no powerpoints in lecture and if youre like me its hard to focus on someone talking for an hour and a half. Still like her though.
Please please do not take this class! She begun the class saying it would be "very hard" and I realised through the course that its due to the disorganization and tangential nature of the lectures. I was incredibly engaged with the material, its all very interesting, but the main takeaway from the class was understanding Andersen, not the material.
many students expect information to be fed to them, which doesn't happen here. this is the best class i've ever taken and dr. andersen is a really wonderful human - caring, hilarious, and understanding on top of being a total genius. her lectures are mind-blowing &amp; it's easy to get an A if you just listen,which is easy bc the material's fascinating
I don't understand why there's so much negative feedback on Andersen. I think people are so used to having slides to copy, but Andersen doesn't use slides, therefore you're required to really focus to understand her lectures and to be able to take notes. As a result, I actually *understood* the material rather and the rest followed, including my A.
Whole grade is just a couple of tests and a paper. Really pay attention in class and read the book. She is extremely smart and sometimes its hard to follow.
Mind-blowing class, Dr. Andersen is THE BEST - she is caring, supportive and really knowledgeable. Learned more in this class than all of my other psych classes combined. Not difficult, just keep up with the readings
Dr. Andersen is by far the most inspirational, caring, passionate, professor I've ever had and Personality was the best, most useful class I've ever taken. Her lectures are hilarious and engaging - she really knows her stuff and wants us to understand everything. Pay attention and read and you'll do really well.
Prof. Andersen is perhaps the best example of the scatterbrain academic who sweeps student's questions/concerns under the rug in favor of her pursuit to further her career. If you make the mistake of taking her class, you better be fast to befriend the TA.
Read the textbook, go to lecture and you will be just fine! Andersen's lectures can be dry sometimes but she's really sweet, brilliant and has the best dry humor. The class was tough but manageable -- my TA Laura is an absolute angel and is so helpful! Definitely go to her review sessions, work hard and you'll get an A. Such an interesting class.
This is a TON of content, but it's not difficult content. Just a lot. The exams are hard, but if you do the readings and GO TO LECTURE you're fine. Pro tips: write down EVERY word she says in lecture. Make sense of it later. Combine notes with friends. She's SO rambly but then TESTS you on the ramblings, so you DON'T want to miss anything.
If you can avoid it, do not take this course. You have to attend all lectures and complete all textbook reading plus all 20 page articles. The theories she teaches are outdated &amp; she focusses on Freud for a whole month. She's an established researcher but not a good teacher. I have not learned anything new that I didn't learn in Intro to Psych
Not only is the content of the course hard, Andersen doesn't make it any easier by not posting any of the notes or assignments online. You need to write down everything she says in lecture or you'll miss material. Also need to read about 20 research papers on top of the textbook and the lecture notes for the final. Not worth it for how hard it is.
I took this class in 2000 &amp; remember her as one of the most fascinating teachers I had. Engaging lectures. Part of your experience of her classes may depend on the TA due to there being extra study sessions with them (if the format hasn't changed). That's the one thing I wasn't thrilled with. As others said, be interested in the subject matter.
This was hands down the worst class I've taken. Andersen can't seem to stay on track or get her points out in a clear and concise manner, so lectures are extremely frustrating and almost always run over time. In addition to tedious and repetitive lectures, she also assigns mountains of tedious and repetitive reading.
Dr. Andersen is a very kind person. She expects studiousness from her students, but she is fair in the way she tests and interacts with us. She gives tests that are thorough but fair, and if you study hard, you'll do absolutely fine. Some people thing she's too though, but those people don't expect to try hard in their classes.
