you MUST STUDY FOR HOURS EVERYDAY
Difficult but doable as long as you go to class and are willing to put in the time to read the textbook, review the lecture slides, and finish the online assignments. This class prepared me well for more advanced science classes in the future. Dr. Taller is very nice and gives helpful feedback during exam review sessions and office hours.
So there are 4 professors but Taller is over the whole thing ! She makes all the test. They teach the basics of bio but will test you on a PhD level.. but its only preparing you for whats ahead. So please study hard! When she tell you to study bio 5-6 hours a day, TRY TO AT LEAST DO at least 4 hours a day!
Please do not take this professor. She only teaches the basics of Biology, yet tests you on a professional level. She often says the textbook and Google are wrong, only she is right. This will only confuse you further. She is the worst professor at the University of Memphis.
One of those teachers you don't enjoy in the moment but do afterwards. Her breakdown of the class was fantastic.
I had Taller for Micro. It was a tough class and she wants to challenge you, but it is possible to get an A. Be prepared to study for this class. If not, you will get a C or below. Taller was willing to help outside of class if I ever had questions. She comes off as mean in class, but if you go to her office hours she's not as bad.
Taller comes across as gruff and not cuddly. I understand this since her job is basically destroyer of dreams. However, she's very clear about expectations. She teaches to what would be the national norm. BIOL 1120 is much tougher and most people get 1 letter grade lower than Taller's class. Decent lecturer, the gruffness makes her stick.
I am taking this as a summer course, and I regret it. Clicker questions that she puts up are made to trick you and her tests are the same way. The usual average is just above a 50. The homework isn't bad but she doesn't seem happy to answer questions at all and makes you feel dumb for asking them. Have fun and good luck in your first biology class.
so hard
She is absolutely terrible. She will lecture on one thing and then test you over another. It drove me crazy. I would study so hard for her tests, and I would get to the test and just be completely lost. She doesn't test you over what is in the lecture. So get ready to read because you're going to have to teach yourself.
I took her in the summer. Exams are ridiculously difficult. She expects you to know the book cover to cover. Exam class average was always an "F". You'd think she'd do something to help but she doesn't care. The curve and online work saved us. I should have gotten a "D". Don't take her if you don't have to.
Difficult
It's a tight class, that's a given. However, Dr. Taller always provided herself for help at anytime. The grades were always in the fail category. Your tests are 75% of the final grade. However, you need do your best with the other categories as well. Every surgery and opportunity for bonus, take them.  I should have gotten a D, received a B.
The course is split between four professors and Taller's sequence is definitely the hardest. While she is tough, she's also fair. She's also there to help anyone who needs it. Study and understand how to apply the material; make sure to do your best on the HW, practice exams, and participation as that could be the difference between an A and C.
Took general biology one with Dr. Taller and made an A fall 2016. Super easy, but then again I am a chem major. If you're a bio major or haven't had science classes you could experience some issues, but the caliber is not difficult for chem majors. Seriously,  it's a cake walk.
Read the book. Find online quizzes by the bookmaker. Make your own notes. Some of the test questions are just, ugh. Sometimes there is more than one possible answer, chose the best one. Be sure to do all of the learnsmarts, quizzes, and try your best in the participation sections of class.
The lectures have NOTHING TO do with tests. She will tell you not to read the book because she knows better. SHE DOESN'T. READ THE BOOK. The lectures and slides are a waste of time. She goes too fast to write them down anyway
Taller prepares students for upper division and professional school. She gives you objectives (study guides);I filled it out&amp;studied them &amp;HW&amp; did above average on every test. If the average is low, she will give a curve in order to make a better average. if you go in her office hours she is a completly diff person but helps you clarify things.
The test had nothing to do with the slides,she also goes through the slides too quickly. The tests have little to do with the homework and quite frankly it may be best to just read the book. She just stared at me while i was taking a test while standing next to me for no reason at one point. Despite it being a waste you have to attend class
Definitely take her during the summer. She's a lot more laid back and it helps during tests that all the work is relatively fresh. Take good notes from connect and you'll do fine.
