Didn't really use the textbook, ALEKS is annoying but makes for an easy 100 on homework and has mock exams that are very similar to tests. Good lectures that make sense.
Study the ALEKS homework because the test questions are based off of them. Her lectures are helpful and she shows you how to do the problems during lecture. She takes attendance with the iclicker system so show up to every lecture. The way she scores the tests lets you miss 1 question and still get a 100, which means you could get extra points.
I had prof McCartney for both chem 101 and 102. I love her as a person, but the combination of ALEKS and super hard exams make me want to cry. If you study nonstop two weeks ahead of the exam, theres a chance youll pass. I would turn to other professors if you want an easy A, because she makes you work for it.
Dr. McCartney isn't as bad as people make her out to be. Her tests are harder than most profs but she prepares really well for them. There is always a mock exam that is similar to the exam. The homework is an easy 100 and attending class is also a portion of your grade, which is nice. She is an awesome lecturer and makes everything understandable.
Doc Mac is seriously not as bad as some people rate her. She is a very kind person and really has a great passion for chemistry. She goes over plenty of practice problems in class, she's great during office hours, and she gives you all of the resources that's necessary to pass the course. Her tests are a bit difficult, but do the mock tests prior.
Dr. McCartney is clear on her expectations, lectures clearly and concisely, and answers all questions inside and outside of class without making you feel discouraged. She clearly cares about your success in the course. Study hard, keep up with hw, and show up to class. A quarter of the overall grade are "freebie" points from iClicker question &amp; hw.
I love the way she teaches! She made me enjoy chemistry and although it was sort of difficult to get an A, it's not impossible! I did study a lot for exams but I really recommend SI sessions because chemistry is a hard subject regardless.
Doc Mac is an awesome professor who is super organized both in her lectures and in grading criteria. She is very helpful through email and office hours. She is passionate about chemistry and she teaches it very well and gives very understandable examples. Attendance counts for 90/1000 points. Grade based on attendance, online hw, &amp; tests.
She doesn't explain the concepts very well and the test questions are nothing like what we went over in class. There's a ton of homework on the online ALEKS system, and she didn't always give us much time to work on it. I love chemistry but this was my least favorite class because of her.
McCartney was the best prof I had all semester. Chem is a tough subject but if you go to class and pay attention you should be fine. McCartney does a great job of laying out her lectures logically and tells you everything you need in class. I rarely had to look at the book. Do the homework and go to class to get all the easy completion points!!
She has a hard reputation but if you work in the class, she's great! She is very helpful outside of class and is very accommodating. She is excellent at teaching and provides lots of resources so you can succeed, absolutely recommend.
Prof Mac is very sweet and helpful in person, but her class wasn't a walk in the park. She had iClicker questions everyday so come to class to get free points, and the hw we had could take hours on end on top of studying. Before each test she gave mock exams which were helpful, but come test day there was questions that didn't match the lecture.
Dr. McCartney is a great professor. She does pretty well at explaining concepts to students and is available after class during office hours. The test are difficult but she provides practice exams that do help for the most part. I highly recommend going to SI review session before the exams. Overall, the class is difficult, but manageable.
I loved Dr. McCartney! I didn't even buy the book, you don't really need it. You have to study! Her exams can be tough but they're fair and if you study you'll do fine. She does clicker questions everyday as attendance so it's good to show up, she makes her lectures interesting. She has mock exams for every exam, which really help.
Dr. McCartney isn't a bad prof but it is not an easy A. I had difficulty with her class because I was transitioning into my first semester of college and I had her at 8am MWF. Make sure you show up to all lectures for those iclicker points because they help your grade a ton. You are gonna have to use the SI sessions or outside resources.
Dr. McCartney moved very quickly through lectures and doesnt go into detail with math problems. Her mock exams were like the exams and her final was a lot more difficult and concept based. She used ALEKS for homework, but I didn't like it because it was time-consuming on things you didn't really need. Go to office hours and SI sessions. I didnt lol
McCartney is a solid choice for Chem101. I took AP chem in hs so this class was easier for me than others, but her tets are just like the practice questions she goes over in class and the mock exams she puts up. Hardest and most annoying part of class is the ALEKS hmk which was irrelevant to her tests and took ridiculous amt of time to do.
Dr. McCartney was one of my best professors my first semester. She is very sweet, and charismatic. Tries to engage the class and does not make lectures as boring as they could be. She posts practice exams that and look similar to the test. The overall course grade consisted of clicker points, and 4 exams not counting the final. Homework is doable.
McCartney was an okay professor. Not the best but she got the job done and did a pretty good job of explaining most topics. Her practice exams were usually like her actual ones and they let you know what concepts you needed to study and what type of questions she planned on asking. Her final was tough and kind of concept-heavy but doable.
I heard many bad things about McCartney before taking her class but it was not as bad as everyone said. Her tests are very hard compared to other professor's and she does not curve throughout the semester, maybe at the end. She does a great job in teaching the material but if you do not have Chem background the tests may be very challenging.
