Holly Peters-Golden is by far the highlight of my freshman year. Not only are her lectures interesting and engaging, but she gives a study guide for each test that outlines exactly what you need to study and every test adheres to it. She tells amazing stories that relate to her lectures and she is truly an amazing speaker. She's the best!
Honestly, her Medical Anthro class is amazing. You don't have to go to lecture but I go every week because its so interesting and you actually learn a lot. You also watch a lot of movies but they aren't bad and you do get to know a lot about the world.
Very talented speaker. Attendance isnt mandatory but im constantly inspired to listen to her teach. Important to note that you watch a movie/documentary for like 40% of lectures. Exams are not super easy (almost entirely short answer) but are still pretty fair
Dr. Peters-Golden really knows her stuff on anthropology. Her lectures are incredibly funny and she is a very engaging speaker. You can do well in this class by simply attending lectures.
Professor Peters-Golden, is amazing in class. She delivers informative and interesting lectures through a story telling method. You will no doubt do well by just attending lectures. Peters-Golden is super inspiring but be aware. You will be graded on few things. Additionally, her overhead slides are very simplified. SO DO NOT SKIP CLASS!!
Professor is really interesting with her lectures and its clear that she cares about her students and about anthropology. It's really fun listening to her stories and then actually seeing them on the test. She tries her best to make things interesting for us. I was actually sad on the last day of lectures!
Professor Peters-Golden makes every lecture interesting and has a ton of funny anecdotes that she ties into every class. There is a review sheet for each exam, which helps a lot. Also, you can get by without buying the textbook, as long as you attend the lectures.
Dr. Peters-Golden is amazing! So eloquent and funny, and her lectures and films are usually pretty interesting. Something to be aware of though is that this is a very lecture heavy class, where important concepts aren't always on the overheads or mentioned. It takes some getting used to but overall very insightful class would take again.
I can't say enough good things about Prof. Peters-Golden. VERY caring and wants her students to succeed. 258 is a seminar on culture and medicine. Prof P-G is VERY knowledgeable and imparts intellect when she speaks. Accessible outside of class and willing to help. Definitely take 258 if you're pre-med. Good background for culture &amp; biomedicine
Peters-Golden is one of my favorite lecturers at UM. Doesn't use slides, which takes getting used to, but class involves a film every other lecture, which is great. Graded based on a paper, 2 exams, and section. Tells great stories and has a wonderful sense of humor. For a 300 level class, workload is SO manageable and interesting. Must take class
The format of the class takes some getting used to but I grew to love it. Every lecture felt like Dr. Peters-Golden was just kind of telling some stories but in a good way. You absolutely have to attend class and take good notes because there are no recordings or slides to look ateverything is verbal. Exams are not bad at all if you pay attention.
Professor Peters-Golden is a super involved and entertaining lecturer! I think she's caught onto the fact that her class is thought of as an "easy A", so tests were more difficult than expected. If you go to lecture and listen, you can really get by with just studying the day before. Never used the textbook, but get the novel and culture sketches.
BEWARE: No longer a blow-off class!! Go to lecture, take notes, utilize the GSI-led exam review sessions before each test. Tests are straightforward and fair, but grading is very picky on the short answer and essay sections.
She clearly was interested in what she was talking about, and she had plenty of personal anecdotes to help explain the topics. Make sure you go to class though, because those anecdotes may appear on the exam. Exam 1 was difficult, but she and the GSIs made a conscious effort to make the next two easier and better prepare us.
Holly Peters-Golden is by far my favorite professor I have ever had. I have taken 3 classes with her, and loved all 3. She is so wise and intelligent, and her stories make class so much fun! Everyone who took this class was sad for it to end, and wished we could take it again! All you have to do is read and participate in discussion everyday
Lectures were boring &amp; I feel like I learned nothing new, but dont expect to skip lectures &amp; do well on the tests unless you put in the time to study (from Quizlet, review sheet, discussion notes, &amp; readings). I got by without the textbook, but needed Getting Ghost for the essay &amp; the Culture Sketches, which appeared in written questions on exams.
Kind of annoyingly rehearsed lectures, but she tells good stories and gives you all the material. Read culture sketches for the tests, but fairly straightforward exams. One paper assignment off of a chapter book you read on your own.
Peters-Golden is by far the most annoying professor I have ever encountered. I don't know how she has such a high rating. For the lecture on Primates, she brought in a Curious George stuffed doll and continued the entire lecture as if it were one of the books. She's patronizing and her stories are obnoxious. The lectures were painful and cringy.
Pretty clear lecturer. Tests are a little more specific than the other sections, so if you're looking for an easy A and dont want to go to lecture take them, but if you just go to lectures (dont need to do readings) you'll be fine. Her lectures are pretty interesting, and if you take basic notes w/ examples you should be able to get an easy A.
Definitely not as easy as the other anthro professors. If you are taking this class for an easy R&amp;E, take it with someone else or P/F. Easy B+, will make you work for it if you want the GPA boost.
