The teacher seems great, maybe if a different course was taken. But SOC 101 is just a mess, she makes people "participate" which is a good effort but doesn't generate actual discussions, just people saying random pointless things. I'm very interested in sociology but thought this class was a bit of a slack.
Whitaker seems scary upfront but all she does is explain everything she wants in the beginning. Her syllabus was huge but that's because she includes all assignments, rubrics, etc so it's clear what's going on in her class. She makes for an interesting lecture that is driven by class participation. Loved that she was honest upfront.
Dr. Whitaker is a great person. She allowed me to join her class later than is usually accepted and was totally understanding about my situation. I loved her and her class. It's not hard to catch up if you miss a week or two as she does not have a midterm or final and the last 2 weeks of class were for making up quizzes. Do her study guides!
15 open-book, open-note quizzes, which is honestly busy work. Gives you the answer to the study guides for said quizzes in class, while talking about real-world application of theory. Very easy A. Caveat, though: the topics in this may offend people easily who are very conservative. So if you're easily offended, you have to brace for this class.
Dr. Whitaker is pretty fair with the way she structures her course. As long as you put in some amount of work &amp; effort, you'll get an A, no problem. There will be 5 online exams, all of which are mostly based off of her notes &amp; study guides - so don't regret not filling them out thoroughly! Also gives extra credit, such as surveys/clothes donation.
Don't be discouraged just because this is a 400-level course. Dr. Whitaker makes this upper division level class EASIER than most lower division courses! You'll have 5 easy online open-book/note exams, attendance+participation, a simple PPT presentation, &amp; extra credit. Exam questions are almost straight off her study guides/notes - FILL THOSE OUT!
She is a great professor! She cares about her students success and always has interesting lectures prepared. NO MIDTERM &amp; NO FINAL! Do the weekly study guides and tests and youll pass the class with an A. Take her please, you wont regret it!!!
She is a blast to have in class. Super funny and passionate about sociology. She requires participation which is nerve wracking because you need to speak 4 times during the semester in front of 200 people. Other than that, the class is simple as long as you put in some effort.
This is the second time I have taken this professor. She is an amazing professor who helps you out a ton! If you don't take tests/quizzes on time, there is a make-up interval at the end of the semester where you can make them up. Also, the homework tasks are super easy. You should have no problem getting an A in this course.
I LOVE LISA! There is no midterm or final. There is a quiz every week, but she gives you study guides that have the same questions as the test and you can just email the documents to yourself and then look at the answers while taking the quiz. (open note) She lets her classes out super early everyday and will randomly take down attendance points.
This is one of the easiest classes I took my freshman year. There is just one quiz per week and she gives you a study guide that you can use that has all the answers. Open book and note for every quiz. There were also around 3 extra credit opportunities throughout the semester. Very easy A. Would recommend to anyone looking for an easy class.
If you are a freshman and need a 100 level class, Lisa is the way to go. However, when you are close to graduating and taking 200-400 level classes, these classes will be a drag and an insult. Nothing against her, but I should have just taken this class at community college and transferred the credits. Just take it seriously enough to pass.
all I kept thinking during her lectures or discussions was how everything in her class reverts back to her own opinion politically, it feels pushy/uncomfortable. She is also very strict and unwilling to help with her schedule of online work being available 8am-5pm so if you're like me &amp; balancing multiple schedules her class may not be for you.
Her lectures are always interesting and informative. She is a sweet woman. Her coursework is usually pretty easy. Do some light reading of the material and fill out your study guides and you'll be good to go!
Horrible professor. Everything that came out of her was pure garbage.
Gives lots of extra credits, with weekly quizzes every Friday. Participation matters, but it's such a small portion of your grade, you can still pass the class without ever partaking in it; however, do show up for class, cause there's attendance points. Doing the study guide in this class is a must, it's word for word with the quizzes. No final.
Never really paid attention in lectures and still passed. Theres a quiz every week but it's online and you can do it in your bed. Complete the short study guide before the quiz and you'll get a 100%, it's word for word.
SUCH an easy class. I retook sociology due to having a bad prof last semester, and this was an absolute breeze in comparison. Show up for attendance points, but i'd just do other hw in class. Do the study guide; they're the exact question that'll be on the weekly online quiz. no final/midterm, lots of EC opportunities
dr whitaker is a fine prof when she teaches sociology, not political theory. i don't mind political theory, but when teaching becomes dogma, it's just miserable and most of all unproductive. i recommend using TA's who are professional and who have more experience than undergraduates.
Taking this SOC class was a great choice! She makes lectures boring sometimes but she takes attendance on random days so I suggest going. There are no tests, just weekly quizzes which she has identical study guides for. Overall, super easy class. My only complaint is that the textbook is so expensive and you need it for the readings.
