Doesn't give reviews for tests its all based on the assisgnments she gives as practice.
Exams are hard and she is very strict about phones and laptops it distracts from her lectures.
Kathy is a great prof, too bad the university is letting her go. I will never understand CMU's logic, because she was one of the greatest prof's I have ever had.
Professor Blystone could possibly be the best professor at CMU. Very memorable lectures, always available for extra help, and an all around nice person. I wish Prof. Blystone taught more classes!!!
Kathy was the best professor that I've ever had at CMU. VERY hands-on which helps a lot and she's very passionate about what she teaches. She made me enjoy chemistry a lot more than I did before taking this class. Don't take if you want to sit on your phone the whole time... she will kick you out of class. Don't buy the textbook.
Kathy is one of my favorite professors at CMU. Only buy the workbook for labs (which are easy and help your grade,) you won't need the textbook at all. Do the study guides and take the extra credit quizzes and it's impossible not to get an A. Very fun class, even if you aren't interested in chem!
Hated chemistry but this class wasn't bad. Can get very boring, but she does a good job of keeping it interesting. Do Pre-labs and Labs, extra credit helps a lot. Don't buy the text book!!
Kathy is an amazing professor. She is very passionate about the subject so it is very easy to learn from her. Her exams are always 60 MC questions and drops your lowest exam. She also gives a lot of extra credit opportunities. If you can take Kathy's class!
Gives a lot of notes but makes class super easy. Gives examples before almost every exam as well as does experiments to help you learn the material. Super easy labs and pre-labs
AWESOME teacher! Makes you enjoy being in class. Explains things very well and your labs help your grade so much! HIGHLY recommend!!! LOVE her
Loved her! So nice and helpful! Made learning kinda fun! DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK! ONLY THE WORKBOOK!
Make sure you go to class everyday because whatever she lectures will be on the exams. She is a phenomenal teacher and loves what she teaches and does a lot of cool experiments and tells a lot of relatable and cool teachers. The exams I personally thought were pretty tough, just make sure you study a lot and go to her SI sessions!
BEST TEACHER I'VE EVER HAD!!!! TAKE HER! She makes learning chemistry so fun and easy! go to class and study and you will get an A!
EASY A IF YOU GO TO CLASS AND DO THE STUDY GUIDES! Kathy does some great in class activities and I really liked this class for a UP. Usually she lectures for 1 hour and then you have a 1 hour lab.Most nights you will have hw, but it is just a page of prelabs. DO NOT BUY THE TEXTBOOK. It is worthless, just study the notes.
The highlights of this class included Professor Blystone blowing stuff up and singing "Ain't No Mountain High Enough" to the class. She's so much fun and the class isn't very difficult if you try to do well.
Great teacher
She is very passionate about the subjects and makes it very interesting. She doesn't ramble and tells us what we need to know and doesn't include useless information. I wouldn't recommend buying the text book because you honestly don't need it. Overall, she's amazing and taking this class was an amazing experience.
I really don't care for chemistry, but Kathy made it interesting. She found a way to make chemistry engaging and applicable to real-life, and you'll learn from this class. You definitely have to go to class, do the homework, and study for the tests. But the homework isn't bad and class is interesting. Pretty good for a required class.
Blysdtone is an amazing professor. She is funny and explains things very well. I loved her. The tests are easy if you study. And she givesd extra credit pop quizzes which help a lot in the end. I would definetely take her again!
If you took/know anything about chemistry, you will be fine. I feel like it is a high school level course. She is a great professor and repeats herself multiple times to drill her lesson into your head. She hates phones though, so dont pull that out if your a texting addict!
