This woman is like a reincarnation of a GOAT, she is literally an OG at everything. Hands down, one of the best profs I've ever had. The campus literally revolves around her. However, sometimes her class can get difficult, but it really do be like that sometimes. Either way, she helps you understand it; most importantly, she actually cares for you!
Ruth Starkman is TheGOAT, a very inspirational speaker and teacher, who helps you build intuition to solve hard problems and write about them like a philosopher and a programmer. She may be the only professor at Stanford who has truly crossed the fuzzy/techie divide.
Ruth Starkman was my teacher 20+ years ago at Cal. not only did she remember me when I contacted her recently, she remembered my work and our conversations, and wrote me a recommendation the same day. Amazing.
Energetic lectures on tech and ethics, clearly loves her subject. But be prepared. She'll walk up to you and ask a question about Kant or code or ?? Starkman is the OG.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER
Professor Starkman is a little intimdating. She's very welcoming in class and encouraging. Then she rips your work to shreds. Literally. Every. Word. But then she shows you how to improve and she makes you want to do better. In the end you do OK, make friends in class, and learn a lot.
Here's the thing  with Professor Starkman. She's super smart and has zero patience for dogma of any kind. Don't just come in and spout off your private theory of ethics. You will just embarrass yourself. The reading is hard . You need to do it before class and be prepared. See her in her office hours, she's not that intimidating in person.
The stuff I learned with Professor Starkman has stayed with me for years, and when you go back to visit she remembers you perfectly like no time has gone by. Ask her for help on job apps and gradmed school, nobody goes the extra mile like she does.
The one professor who's taught  me most in my Stanford career.
Starkman's lecture on ethical frameworks is the most interesting lecture I've heard at Stanford in all my four years. She's cool too, the only professor I know brave enough to take 106A
She rocks! Ruth helped me on all aspects of my work, from the writing to the ethics and integrating course readings. She totally kills it as an editor for all your school, professional and entrepreneurial writing too.
Great teacher. super clear and helpful, fair-minded, non-ideological, supportive and inclusive of everyone. Readings are super hard, so ask for help!
writing and ethics, this lady kills it best, see her in hume and see the light.
She's really good at helping you articulate your own ideas, but make sure you do all the writing assignments, esp the daily ones, these add up a lot and really affect your grade
brilliant, hilarious, and yes, totally in your face, she wants you to learn and do something in the world!
Rumored to be super chill, she even tells you it's easy to get an A if you revise and pay attention, but if you slack even the slightest, she's will let you know EXACTLY why your work was subpar and then some. BEWARE!
She's super smart, cultured, laid back. But intense too, makes you to revise, revise, revise until you do A work.
Awesome professor! Classes with her are always fun and inspiring!
Starkman the merciful, helpful, and awesome, unless bring doom on yourself
The best professor I have had, ever.
