I took her Calc 2 class 11 yrs ago &amp; still have her lectures today.  She was "old school" but effective.  She didn't use a textbook and wrote all her lectures from memory - when I took her class I felt like I had to fully listen and be present.  It was obvious she cared for her work and that enthusiasm translated to her effectiveness.  I loved it!
I'll try to be specific: Carol's world revolves around two things, Christianity and math.  Since she's not teaching religion, she teaches math, and she can't bring it down to the level of the Calc 101 student.  She immediately jumps into *application* rather than helping students understand and get the basics down first.  Nice lady, poor teacher.
I'm reading these posts roughly 15 years after taking Lanfear for Calc II and would say that it's amazing that nothing has changed in that time.  The reviews of her style perfectly describe her from all the way back then.  As an alum, I think it's pathetic that she's still teaching at my alma mater...&amp; yes, we did complain about her back then too.
Before taking class, I thought I was pretty good in Math but now I am not so sure.  The test was very difficult.  It was hard to study for  this class.  The professor was not very helpful.  I failed this class and I amlooking into taking it at a community college, I am sure I will pass.  The professor really needs to change to method of teaching.
She is one of the worse professors ever! She grades unfair and doesn't want to help you if you need assistance or have questions. She is mean and I suggest NOT taking her course!
She is the a horrible professor! She makes all her tests inpossible to pass and you can never pass even if you studied 50 hours a week! Warning-- Do not take her! She will only fail you!
Ew! Horrible class. The teacher is not evil or especially mean, I had this class online so I never saw her in person so she could be different in person... however, she is not a good teacher. She gave us no notes during the entire semester and wasn't very helpful. She pretty much got paid to do nothing! Don't take her for an online class!
i never have done this bad in a class my whole college carrer.  DO NOT SIGN UP FOR HER....TAKE A FOREINGER AS A PROF INSTEAD OF HER
She is oldschool, thats it. She's not mean, in fact shes very nice. She just doesn't understand young people very much in my opinion. I got an A in her trig class, but I had to really work for it. Just try to stay awake and do the homework. Don't forget, CMU has a math center.
How do you think this makes her feel. 38 freakn pages of bad reviews! 38! No other teacher at CMU has more than 10! This is embarasing. A 1.6 average our of 5 one being the lowest. WOW! Somebody needs to adjust a little bit.  I'm not trying to be mean but there are more than just a couple of sour grapes here.  There are 38 pages of them.
You guys are so dramatic. She is not the devil, nor a Nazi or even the worst teacher at Central. She has a rough demeanor but she respects students who try and is very willing to help those who ask. She's fast paced so if your math skill is poor take another teacher. Otherwise if you do your hw, ask questions and really try you'll do just fine.
she is really boring
lanFEAR- She is really disrespectful to students. She does a great job making you feel dumb-actually called me dumb. If you struggle in MTH what-so-ever then go to Mid. She has this math homework thing online and its really a pain to use. She has actual projects plus homework. Plus she has a DRESS CODE!
i have been attending central michigan for 6 years. i have taken numerous classes, carol lanfear is the worst teacher i have ever had in my life. I took this class at a community college and got an A. I took it with her and got a D. I dont see any reason why she still has her job.
Well i had her my freshman year and reading comments like these just brings back the horrible memories... She is a horrible prof and threatened to take me to the dean because i looked in the back of the book for an answer... if she knew how to teach maybe i wouldnt have done that... needs to roll over and die!! seriously
She's a nice women but its n extremely hard class.  She makes it look easy in class, then you do your homework and it is nothing like what she just taught you.  Do not take this class with her...it will kill you GPA.
Taking this class could be close to the worst thing you could do for your college career. You will NOT be successful ever. Tests are nothing at all like homework.  I would not wish this class on my worst enemy.
She is just really annoying. When she goes over anything in class she talks and writes too fast so it's impossible to follow. When you raise your hand in class, she never calls on you. It is almost impossible to learn anything in her class. I wouldn't recommend her, but if she is your last option, it is possible to learn everything from math XL.
AS SOON AS YOU FIND OUT THAT SHE'S TEACHING YOUR CLASS, DROP IT IMMEDIATELY! Expect to be confused, frustrated, and let out late every single day. Instead of actually teaching, she does crazy math problems for her own fun and will keep you late just so she can get some form of sick pleasure from solving equations. RUN FOR THE HILLS IF YOU GET HER!
I hate my life due to this ****
