I am shocked by how many people show up unprepared for this class. The presentations are atrocious. If you take this class seriously, you're bound to be a top candidate for jobs. Great opportunity to hone your speaking and writing skills. The class isn't a blow off, but it's not hard.
This class is a lot of work - but it's not busy work. I really like Professor Wisner and my TA. I'm already using what we're learning in my interviews.
This is the best required class at Broad.
She has a heart and soul. She obviously cares about students. Its refreshing.
Great prof. I liked the class.
This class is a lot of work. Grading is brutal at times but as much as I hate to say it, I'm glad it was. My writing sucked and I didn't even realize how unprepared I was for interviewing or presenting. Find someone who is organized an good at keeping track of assignment deadlines. Become friends with that person. There is so much to keep track of.
I don't like doing speeches or writing papers and this class has a lot of both. When I saw the syllabus I expected to hate it. But Professor Wisner made it not suck. She is enthusiastic and explains why this stuff matters. I'm still never going to love speeches or papers but I got better in this class. Show up and do Top Hat to 4.0 class.
So glad this class was required because I never would have taken it. I learned something new each week. Got pushed out of my comfort zone which was hard but good. Great feedback on assignments. The professor really cares about students. I was lucky to have her as my recitation instructor too. At first I was nervous about that but she is awesome.
Its nice to have a professor who cares. Lots of work, but its not busy work. The TAs give good feedback, especially on the writing assignments.
Very beneficial class. Meet the professor. She is funny and nice. oh, and she loves her baby and dogs. Shell show you pics if you ask :) She helped me make some hard decisions about internships and my major.
I found this class to be pretty straightforward. If you show up and do the work, you can get a good grade. Plus, the Wisdom Project is awesome if you get paired with someone good. The blog post at the end is not an easy A. Ask your TA for help.
Thanks to this class I got an internship. Had no idea how bad my cover letter and interviewing was before. Take it soph year.
Expects a lot, so be prepared to work. The class isn't a bunch of mindless crap that you can just memorize... which is probably why people complain about it being hard. You actually have to learn something. Crazy, right? We'd all be better off if more teachers were like her. Was glad for the extra credit because I blew off the 1st book chapter.
Learned more in this class than any of my other classes so far at msu
The grading is so ridiculous in this class that they need to handout around 25 points of extra credit (roughly +5% to your total grade) just so students can get a chance to 4.0 the class. The rubric is unclear on every single assignment so be prepared to do badly on almost every assignment but still somehow get a 4.0 in the end
Lots of work, but you get a ton of time in recitation to work on stuff. Learned something new each week. Much better than I expected.
Great class, great prof. I learned a lot more than I thought I would. Lots of work but definitely worth it.
If you show up to all of the classes and follow instructions for assignments. You will 4.0. There's also a lot of extra credit opportunities throughout the semester.
I like her enthusiasm. Her lectures keep me awake. Easy 4.0 if you put in the effort. She expects a lot... don't expect a blow off class.
The best thing about the professor is that she really cares about her students. I took the time to meet with her to discuss my career interests. She gave me so much great insight and took a lot of time out her really busy schedule to answer my questions. Take the time to meet her. She's not just another professor cashing a paycheck.
