She's a lawyer teaching Business Law, so she knows what she's talking about. Her tests are pretty easy if you paid attention during lectures, but she's a tough grader on the in-class essays and really makes you work for an A. Overall, she's a good choice.
Professor Demory is a great professor, yes, you have to work for your grade but she doesn't over complicate your life or make it hard in any way. Her grading criteria is very clear, and she is very compassionate - especially towards the end of the semester. The one thing I recommend is to THOROUGHLY read the textbook chapters :)
(4) Final essay is cumulative. Out of 56 cases from all semester she picks a random one for the final. So you have to study all 56 cases and the laws that apply to each and then she chooses one. Waste of time. Only 30 minutes to do the final. So in those 30 minutes to have to figure out which ONE out of the 56 case applies and write the essay.
(3) The text book really isn't necessary. You really only need to listen to her audio lectures and look up the cases if you feel like you didn't get enough info from the audio lecture. Movie assignments (3)25 points, essays (6) 100 points, final essay (200). 2 lowest essays are dropped. You only have Friday afternoon and Saturday morning to do it
(2) Not flexible at all despite being an online class. She is a very tough grader, the only thing I liked was that she did grade everything on time and was well organized. She gives a rubric for the essays but shows a completely different rubric once she gives back the grades. Sometimes came off as rude in her comments and passive aggressive.
A great professor who can seem intimidating at first but is a gem. She lets you drop one low test score out of five tests. You NEED to read the textbook and her slides inside and out and take notes in order to pass (take notes before she goes over it in class). Not a hard class if you study your notes. She tells you what is expected on exams.
I took her online class and she is well organized and you know what is due by when by schedule every week. lectures are available online. But the only thing I did not like about her is that she is a very tough grader on essays. It was stressful moment when I had to write the essay each week in only 30 min.
I took BULE 303 online with her and she was great. The class was so easy. Exams were open notes (since they were online) and you're allowed to have a whole page of notes for the essays. Super easy class and she's wonderful.
Took her online BULE 303 class and let me tell you she's the biggest hardo possible. She gives you NO TYPE OF HELP. Refrain from taking her class, she isnt worth the headache!! You'll have a good reasoning why you need help or even why you need extra time on assignment and she wont budge. She honestly is so heartless its absurd.
I took her online BULE303 class for the summer 2018 and boy did I work. You have to work a little everyday to make sure you keep up. Also pay close attention to all the cases they talk about in the chapters she asks you to read. Make little notes about what happened in the case/outcome. The essays are the WORST so prepare well.
If you want a professor who makes you do all the work, refuses to communicate and help you, and will accuse you of plagiarism or cheating when you make a mistake, this is the professor you want. She is not an educator, she is someone collecting a paycheck who does not care about their students. If you like to feel unappreciated, take this prof.
She is nice, no doubt about that. Seems like a good teacher. But. She is confusing. Her grading is confusing. One assignment you'll get full points (even if you didn't completely follow the prompt), the next (when you do everything correctly) she fails you. I do not understand her. I'm wasting my time taking this class. Don't waste yours.
A lot of homework, does not gives you another chance, doesn't understand your needs, take another professor, writing essays are so annoying! choose another professor.
Take it ONLINE! Follow the instruction, do all the hw, quizzes, lower grade is dropped. Read and keep up with due dates. Mention cases when writing. You will do good and pass if you follow the syllabus and turn in hw, I promise you will pass successfully! The hardest part was the on-campus essays exams and it was not that bad either
BULE 303 is supposed to be one of the hardest classes and she managed to make it seem not as hard. There is alot of note taking, reading and homework assignments. There are 5 exams including a final and 4 writing assignments and class assignments. She literally makes it easy for you if you go to class and listen. Definitely would recommend!
If you fail or have failed this class, it is 100% your fault. This professor gives you all the tools to pass. Allows to drop one test and writing assignment if you get 150+ pts on class participationsuper easy. The tests are mostly scenarios, read the cases within the chapter and the ones she assigns and really understand how everything applies.
Prof. Demory is a great professor and lawyer. I can see how this class could have been beyond boring, but she made it so much enjoyable. She very thorough and makes sure that you know the cases and concepts to ace her tests. They are not hard, mostly scenarios, so actually understand the material. Overall, I learned a lot from this class!
Demory is a brilliant professor. She really knows her stuff and teaches it well. I highly enjoyed her class and learned a lot. No frills class three exams and a final. Read the chapters and you should be fine.
I heard that BULE was hard, but it wasn't that bad with Demory in the summer. She is great.  Long tests but OK. She drops the lowest exam grade if you get at least 100pts (easy) on class participation assignments. With writing assignments, you can easily ace it or screw up.  Make sure you use a COURT CASE and the right law/rule. Great lectures.
This is my second time taking Prof. Demory, and again, it was an enjoyable experience. If you have to take MGMT431, I suggest taking it during the summer. The expectations are clear, the essay questions are clear, and so as long as you're doing your reading and learning the material,  you will get an A. I wish Prof. Demory taught more classes.
