Tests are online.  Lectures are entertaining.  Just do the homework, and you can get an A.
I took her for Racial/Ethnic minorities and didn't expect her to know or teach much when I saw her, however she knows what she's talking about and is funny-odd way. She talks about school sports everyday and sitting through her long lectures are totally boring. She wants to hear what students have to say. All Test online-heavy. Good PowerPoints.
Attendance is mandatory, but her class is really easy. Four tests (all online and no class that day) and all the answers are in the book so get the book. She's really funny and a great teacher. I would love to take her again!
Bless Mrs. Caldwell's heart, she not technically savvy! The lab portion of this class was a disaster, I bought a flash drive that was defective.  I got a replacement and never opened it and passed her class with a B-.  Often people would sign her role and leave her class, the lectures are a bit boring.  In my opinion, you will need your book.
There was a lot of problems because the computer locked up while taking my first exam. The teacher didn't know how to reset the exam.  Which caused problems because you're not able to retake your exam until the end of the semester. You cannot use your lecture notes or your book. Which lessens your chances for a good  grade.
Very very boring. If you want a early morning class to sleep in this the one. She post everything she talks about in class. She tries to be funny but its a very dry class. Wouldn't recommend if you don;t need it. It's simple stuff about different races such as African Americans, Asians, Mexicans.
Great teacher. There's no homework and she only grades you on 4 exams and attendance. Her lectures are kind of boring, but her slides are online and that helps a lot when you go to study for the exams.
very easy class test online no need for book all slides online
Most boring class ever. She talks so slow. But if you can sit through the class long enough, she goes over the study guides for tests and tells you exactly what you need to know. Ask her about anything on the guide, and again she'll tell you everything. I highly recommend that you record what she says on your phone or recorder. Tests are online.
enjoyed class and would take again
For me, the test were online. You need to take notes on what she says because she words her test in her own way. There are not many test so you need to make sure you do well. DONT MISS CLASS. She WILL count off if your not there. Other than that pretty easy. DONT BUY BOOKS. We never used them. Unless you want it to help find answers for test.
She's honestly a really easy professor. Come to class because attendance was worth as much as a test grade. She goes off topic in her lectures and rarely ever finishes the lessons. However, she puts the powerpoints and study guides online. If you study them, you will get a good grade.
I liked her , I guess. If you can handle the occasionally boring lecture, you'll be fine. Class is mandatory because if you miss without an legitimate excuse points will be taken from your attendance grade and those point for showing up could help in the long run. Test are not very hard, study guide and powerpoints online. Good Luck.
This is my third time taking Mrs. Caldwell. One reason is because she is very easy to pass. She has every power points for each chapter and has the study guides so be prepare for the exams.
I took intro to sociology excited to get my major in it. That excitement died in this class. I was tettering on a B and a C and reached out to her for some helpful study pointers. I emailed her and didn't got a response. I asked her in person after class and got a vague answer. Then on her final exam I made a 78 even though she knew I worked hard.
Go in and sign the roll. No assignments. No hw. No quizzes. Don't buyneed book. Overall nice, easy going, and vivid teacher but lectures are pretty boring. Only thing is that her study guides don't always match to what is being tested and even though that's a big deal, her overall being, demeanor, willingness to help makes up for it.
Her class was a little boring for me. She was entertaining and explained everything we needed, but I didn't really enjoy her class. She is nice and helpful.
I'm concerned she is developing Alzheimer's. She will repeat the same irrelevant anecdotes 5-6 times, with no apparent recognition that she is repeating herself. The class is so easy, it's a joke. I never read the book and I never studied. Great for an easy A and a study period. Sit in the back and you won't even have to look up the whole time.
Ms. Caldwell is a nice teacher but she is annoying. She also lost one of my test grades and I literally had to ask her for months in order for her to fix it. Overall, I would not recommend her to anybody.
She is very nice and provides opportunities for extra credit. The book is not mandatory. Tests are easy if you attand class and take good notes. Class can be very boring at times.
