Dr. King is a wonderful human and makes Beaver Island courses amazing! Be wary though, they wont be easy. It's a lot of flying through notes and then spending many hours running through them outside of class to really understand what's going on. You'll learn a ton really fast with her, and she's always willing to take extra time for questions.
Okay, so Dr. King was a hard teacher. If you want an easy class, don't take her. However, she has to be one of the most helpful teachers I've ever had at CMU. If you didn't understand something in her class, go to her office hours and talk with her. She'll make sure that you understand it if you just put forth the effort.
Almost 4 years ago I took this class and I will never forget studying 3 nights in a row for 6 hours with a group of friends and getting a C- on the exam. I find it hard to believe the good comments below, most likely posted by her teaching assistants who always had a stick up their... well you know. If you get this class, a word of WISDOM, drop!
Dr. King is a very sweet lady! She will help you out with whatever you may need if you just go and talk to her. Exams are easy if you study her notes. You don't need to buy the book!!
Very, very nice woman that goes out of her way to help you if you put forth the slightest bit of effort. It is not hard to pass the class if you show up. you don't even have to read the textbook. just pay attention to the examples she she mentions in class and how many beagles she has.
Dr. King is kind of crazy yet she is not a bad teacher. She knows what she is talking about and gives you a lot of diagrams to explain information. Class is pretty mandatory because you won't understand her diagrams unless you go and she gives little in class assignments regularly. Quizzes are very hard but exams aren't too bad.
Very unorganized and scatter brained. Literally asks you to "use your imagination" to take exams and quizzes. GO TO CLASS because she quizzes without notice and this will hurt your grade. Read the book, because questions on exams are randomly picked out from the book. Exams are difficult, her powerpoints are confusing, don't take her.
Dr. King is terrible. Seriously do everything in your power to get out of her class if you have her. She goes over nothing that is on the exams, you basically have to teach yourself the material. Information from the book is on the exam but you are told not to bring the book to class. I cannot give one positive comment about her.
Dr. King is terrible. Seriously do everything in your power to get out of her class if you have her. She goes over nothing that is on the exams, you basically have to teach yourself the material. Information from the book is on the exam but you are told not to bring the book to class. I cannot give one positive comment about her.
Literally the worst professor I have ever had.  Her powerpoints seem to only make sense to her, and she flies through them like we can write a million words a minute.  The exams are extremely difficult, and even after studying for countless hours I still felt I knew nothing when it came time for the exam.  If you want to lower your GPA, get Dr King
Donna King is a terrible TEACHER  she has the worst and most unclear notes. The exams often have more difficult and unrelated questions than what is learned in class. Recommend finding another professor.
I felt like Dr. King was very passive aggressive.  She seemed to think that we all needed to be experts in the class.  The exams were EXTREMELY difficult.  I DO NOT recommend her.
Dr. King is a kind hearted lady. She really means well and wants the best out of us. However, her teaching needs some revision. Powerpoints need some clarity. She gives out handouts that are scrambled and make no sense. Lab definitely helps grade. Also, attend class. Frequent group discussion that are graded. Recommend, but study more than notes.
Dr. King is a horrible bio teacher. All she talks about is her beagles and even puts pictures of them in her slides. She is always off topic and doesnt handle classes well. She walks out if people do not understand or if shes too upset. Take someone else!!! her teaching is sure to lower your gpa. The only good part is the lab
Donna is very passionate about biology and means well, but just doesn't explain things very well, shows VERY confusing powerpoints and tells stories unrelated to the class. The lab is super easy though and really helps your grade! I wouldn't take this professor, she makes the class a lot harder than it needs to be.
The worst prof ive ever encountered
Worst BIO teacher ever. The only thing you will get out of this class is knowledge about her damn beagles and beaver island. She needs to retire.
Honestly you are asking for failure if you keep her has a teacher.. Literally psychotic. Awful at explaining things and quits if you don't understand it the first time.. By far the worst teacher I have ever had..ever.
She is hard, and talks about Beaver Island and her dogs ALL THE TIME! Gives tons on pop quizzes and doesn't hand back any homework she assigns (so you don't know your grade ever) Rarely uses blackboard....
this is not a professor this is not even a human being i cannot stand her and if i were the dean of CMU i would force her to retire to go out with pride or i would fire her. she is the worst teacher i have ever had in my life refuses to see things at your view she is always right and doesnt care if u pass fail or drop this class. DONT EVEN DO IT
