Prof Lori is smart, but that does not mean she is a good teacher. She is often intimidating and sometimes disrespectful to students -- not a sustainable learning environment. Her grading is ambiguous and seems unfair. The material is hard, but her teaching style makes it harder. Take it elsewhere.
Very thorough, invested in your learning, you should go to lectures and pay attention to do well.
Most people go into her class expecting to be coddled and prodded along during the process of learning economics. But this is not the case and you will have to work hard. However, should you put in the effort you will be rewarded immensely. Highly caring and intelligent professor who rewards hard work.
Professor Leachman knows her stuff and is very invested in teaching the students who want to learn. If you put in the time to go to class and office hours, she will put in the time to help you understand the material. She was always willing to stop for questions and paused class after difficult material to ensure everyone was following her.
She is one of the most supporting teachers I have ever had. She makes an effort to get to know all her students, but get ready to study your ass off. The class is not curved, so the natural econ students get an A. Those who are not are screwed. Besides the difficult grading scale, it is an amazing class and highly advise taking it.
Professor Leachman, although portrayed by many as being really hard, is in actuality a great professor that really cares about her students. She is always available after class for questions and provides really good help before exams if you look for it. Tough class but enjoyable.
At first Leachman is definitely intimidating, but if you put in the effort and show up to office hours to ask meaningful questions she will like you.  This class was definitely tough, but I learned so so so much.  My biggest complaint about this class is the test grading.  I swear that the people who do really well are able to read Leachman's mind.
This is a hard class intended to weed out the people that aren't willing to work hard. The econ curriculum only gets more difficult from here. Lori is a great professor that really cares about her students. Even if you want to hate her because you're failing the tests, it's impossible. Go to her office hours, she will help you prepare for the tests
Professor Leachman is one of the least nice people I have ever met, and carries a clear bias in her teaching.  Tests have seemingly easy questions that are graded very harshly (taking of points without explanation). As much as I wanted to hate her, I have learned more taking this class than I have in any other class, it's truly amazing.
She's rough. Tests are stupid hard when the material isn't that tough. However, she does present the material clearly in lecture, although she does do it too quickly and expects you to pick it up like it's nothing. I recommend taking it with the other teacher. That being said, it's not the end of the world if you take it with her.
Her lectures are not clear, and her answers to students' questions are not helpful. She will often contradict herself from one lecture to another. Her exam questions are vague and harshly graded. Gives office hours, but she communicates terribly with the TAs so they are of little help. You will probably end up teaching yourself. Take elsewhere!!!
Her lectures are lengthy but helpful and she's pretty clear although her handwriting is basically illegible. Be prepared for lots of work and also don't miss lectures! They are extremely important.  She is definitely not that kind of amazingly nice professor and apparently doesn't care about what others think of her. Can be intimidating.
Avoid if you are not planning to be an ECON major. She is a terrible lecturer but its passable if you study hard for the tests and have a balanced schedule with this as a class. (Avoid the rattail)
Leachman creates an environment in the class that makes it difficult to learn. She is disrespectful to students. Her lectures are boring, and her handwriting is unclear. She never uses the textbook, and the only way to do well on tests is memorize her notes. Class isn't curved.
Don't bother buying the textbook for this class if you are taking it with her but I would recommend taking it with a different professor. She teaches well if you have already taking AP Econ, but otherwise a lot of studying is required. I recommend taking it with another professor. She is very blunt and doesn't care what people think about her.
lecture is very conceptual/broad, but her exams are very specific, never uses the textbook, not worth buying, illegible handwriting on her lecture notes
This class is hard. Don't buy the textbook. You will never use it. Lori seems like a cool person but is not great as a teacher because there is no curve and tests are hard to prepare for.
Oh Lori. Memorize her lectures to do well on the exams. I wish I had gone to her office hours more often because she actually was helpful. She's a pretty interesting person, don't be intimidated by her. Also, she does NOT curve at all. Overall it was a decent class, not easy but not too difficult either.
Leachman is an unfair teacher who makes an otherwise interesting and easy subject miserable.
Overall a rather terrible professor. The tests reflect your ability to understand her strange mentality and logic over economic principals and theory. She strongly pushes her opinions as fact and is unhelpful and often flat out rude to students who seek her help. (Her handwriting in the notes is also illegible)
