While there are 1-2 chapters of reading from the online textbook each week, the content is easy to comprehend and follow. The quizzes are based on the reading, and the questions can be tough if you haven't read the chapter.
The way she grades is ridiculous. The average score of our midterm was a C-, and she didn't question why we didn't do well on an OPEN BOOK midterm for an online class, she just said she'd "like to see scores higher."
NEVER TAKE A CLASS WITH HER.... she is the worst. Extremely rude whenever you email about specifics. Treats an Intro level class like its a 400 level. Her grading is horrible. I was thinking about minoring is SOC but she easily made me hate the topic (which sucks) and she really ruined my excitement for anything soc related. worst, teacher ever...
I wish someone would have warned about the academic cliff I was about to jump off of. Like any a decent human being who cares about humanity, here's my chance to warn you. 1. You're on your own. 2. Lots of homework 3. Lots of reading The professor doesn't really provide good feedback, so get ready to learn it all your self.
Well, the only thing I can really say is YOUR ON YOUR OWN literally. Really stick to deadlines, and remember you had a chance to change your fate, but you didn't. Good luck, you're going to need a whole lot of it.
Easily the worst prof I've had at PSU. The syllabus is super vague and the grading policy doesn't make sense. The prof is also not understanding at all- so good luck if you have a dispute over grades or an assignment bc she'll just immediately shut you down. Overall, just the worst. Do not take this class.
Mostly reading and quizzes/tests supplemented by weekly participation scores for discussion board posts. Expectations clearly expressed in syllabus. Instructor was available by email and prompt to reply. Relies heavily on test bank questions for exams. I successfully disputed answers on 2 occasions and the instructor was receptive to feedback.
Strangely nit-picky when it comes to grading your writing. Is mysteriously focused on students not plagiarizing. Many test questions are worded in such a way that you must analyze the way things are phrased in order to answer correctly. Some test questions seem like trick questions. Would not take this prof again, even tho I rec'd a decent grade.
Good luck with getting a grade back!! I calculated my grade and was supposed to get an A in her class but she said she curved my Exams grades therefore I got at B+ in her class. Since when do curves made to lower your grade. Also when I tried to speak to her about it, she was very rude!
Clearly, this professor does not want her students to succeed. She has a history of accusing students of plagiarism and directly reports them to the dean for "fun." Her questions are not clear and this class is not even worth it. PLEASE AVOID
Very poor explanation on grading and calculation too difficult to follow. Grades are not given back timely, 3 weeks for our first assignment grade, AND has TWO TAs that do all of grading. The feed back is very nit picky, need to go beyond her instructions to get full credit. Does not want her students to succeed. Terrible professor!!! DO NOT TAKE!
This teacher says, if you follow the instructions and do what is expected you will be doing C work. If you want a higher grade you have to go above and beyond. This is stupid, if I understood the subject expertly I wouldn't need the class. You have no clues what to do to get a good grade out of this class. I am a 4.0 student, I have no idea
I am an A student and I cannot for the life of me get a good grade in this class. Somehow, every post/quiz I do, there is always something that she marks wrong. Quizzes are very confusing, and she gives no feedback. I would not recommend taking this class with her.
This teacher doesn't care about their students. She accused half of my class of plagiarism and made us all go through the Dean of Student Life to deal with it. Every email response I received was mean and she never seemed like she cared. She also only has her TA's grade everything and you can almost never receive an A.
Be prepared to work hard for little reward.
Professor seemed fine and responsive to questions.  Quizzes were difficult considering there was very little lecture material given, solely based on the reading and questions were tricky and took time to find the right answer.  Many questions were multiple-multiple choice which made quizzes hard, and grade was almost entirely weekly quizzes.
This was honestly the worst class I have EVER taken. I do not like the prof. I am a pretty good student and have taken many online classes. I have gotten good grades in all of them except this one. I have had to take this class twice! The first time I took this class I was shocked at how little she cared, she has her TAs do all the grading.
Dont take this class! She doesn't care if students succeed. Changes grading requirements as the weeks go along.
Even if students follow along with assigned instructors they are knit picked for something else not in the grading criteria. Small chances to succeed. Terrible feedback on assignments. The class averages currrently are 40% and lower..... this is probably a problem.
She is a tough grader but if you read the syllabus and pay attention you will pass no problem.
