A prominent accent, deficient mic, illegible notes scribbled filling PowerPoint slides, overhasty speech all have resulted in the omission of crucial information and obstructed solid understanding of the content from lectures. The grading system will screw you. Someone may be an expert in a subject but that does not mean they are qualified to teach
Ida is a really sweet lady but her powerpoint don't go into depth on anything. Reading the book helped me the most personally and doing the online homework for extra credit also helps. Quizzes are really hard and the midterms and final are also difficult but use the book to help you out.
Ida is not a terrible lecturer but she could be better. A little boring at times but overall I enjoyed her class. As long as you pay attention and take good notes its an easy A.
The class material is very easy, but the lecture is exceptionally boring and unhelpful; so I did not go to any lectures for 3 months in the semester but still managed to get an A. The tests are extremely easy as long as you read the simple textbook before the tests.
Ida doesn't have the best lectures but the class isn't hard to make up for it. There are 4 tests (3 midterms and one final, but one of the four gets dropped), 9 online homework quizzes (3 get dropped and they are 5 multiple choice each). She offers extra credit for attendance and participation so it should be an easy A if you put in any effort.
Ida's lectures are unbearable. It is tough to understand her under her thick accent and she is not even slightly engaging during lectures. However, by using her powerpoint slides and the book, it is easy to obtain an A in the class. She drops the lowest four quizzes as well as your lowest exam grade (including the final), making the final optional.
I got a 5 on the AP Macro Exam, so Micro was a breeze to me, and I ended with an A without even taking the final exam. She does not explain concepts well, and it's extremely hard to understand her. She will skip around while presenting, so it's hard to follow. Go lectures for extra credit. Read textbook and watch videos, and it won't be that bad.
Ida is very knowledgeable about economics but it can be hard to follow along or stay engaged with her accent. I went to maybe 3 lectures and almost all of my recitations and passed with an A. Its really just about studying the things you dont understand and learning vocabulary. Recitations are a great way to simplify lecture material
Professor Mirzaie was great! With lectures, handouts, online homework, and textbook readings, any student who wishes to do well can do well. There are good extra credit opportunities and the lowest exam grade was dropped. Anyone who complains about not understanding her or her accent is being unreasonable. She is very coherent and understandable.
Even though lectures are online, go to class. Plus youll get bonus points. And recitations are extra credit too and you learn a lot from them. Shes hard to understand but going to lectures are definitely worth it.
Very dry lectures. Often contradicts her slides when she's speaking. Also very thick accent. Very detailed content but does pull some exam questions from the practice quizzes.
I enjoyed this professor, however she might not be for everyone. The grade in the class is determined by a few things, but she also offers extra credit opportunities. If you express your desire to learn in her class, she will be willing to help you.
I personally loved this class and this professor. Gave you plenty of opportunities to succeed and presented material in different ways until entire class understood. If I had time in my schedule I'd take her class again next semester.
The most dry lectures you will find and 90% of your grade is 3 exams that are all only 30 questions. Good luck not falling asleep.
Easy class. Light homework and quizzes. Extra credit. She has accent, but she is very caring and thoughtful.
This was honestly the worst class i've taken by far. For an entry level microeconomics class, it was VERY hard. After studying for hours every week, I still received grades much lower than I think I deserved. The class average on exams was 19 out of 20, and she didn't seem to care. Overall I would NOT recommend anyone take her courses!
For an entry level micro class- a ridiculous amount of work is required. With hours of studying I still received grades much lower than what I expected. Very unapologetic about the average being a 19/30, and a curve was promised after every midterm. There was no curve at the end, except from a 79 to an 80. A tough class and extremely dry lectures.
Extra credit isn't extra credit. It's not graded out of 0 so if you don't do it, it hurts your grade. But for some reason is labeled as extra credit.
Hard to understand during very boring, dry lectures. Read the book and do practice exams and you'll get an A easy.
She just stands up and lectures and isnt very engaging. Yes she puts her lectures online but the exams are always a lot harder than they should be. Having a good TA will help with this class alot
