This class on its own is very difficult, but Roberts seemed to try and make everything even more difficult. She provides no study guides and only an online review the day before the test at 8 am. We weren't allowed to use calculators on tests that included very difficult math. A ton of homework with little to or no explanation.
Very interesting class regarding business planning and communications. I highly recommend this professor and this class.
First off, ya'll complain too much. This class is pretty difficult but if you put in the effort it's really not that hard. She tells you MULTIPLE times if you need help go to her tutors. Go to her specific tutors, the others will be of very little help. You will learn a lot about economics and it's actually easy once you apply yourself.
Nancy Roberts, WORST PROFESSOR EVER. I took it ECN 212 as a Hybrid and this was no joke. Get ready for weekly quizzes, homework assignment due every two weeks through blackboard with only 1 attempt(also trick questions), and tests completely comprised of trick questions. YOU WILL be in the tutoring lab 24/7 for reviews in this impossible class.
Took her class only because i needed the credit. However her whole system was very confusing, and her videos were okay. She never really went over what would be in the HW or tests. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
Do not recommend this professor. Everything is in class, so basically if you miss one class you are screwed. The Study buddy people sorta helped but still ended up failing the exam.
She's entertaining, but the lectures were confusing, the homework even more so, and the tests are harder than both of them. This was my first C ever in a class. The review sessions were over 400 students crammed in a room with a really quiet TA with a heavy accent. Useless. The only test I did well on was the one where the professor led the review.
Super hard class and so many people withdraw from it. Would avoid taking her class.
Ms. Roberts was great. She inspired me to major in Economics.
I don't have any personal hatred/dislike for Nancy. I considered an economics minor until this class. I got &lt;50% on 2 tests. Her homework made no sense. What she lectured on did not relate to test/HW material. And her "buddies" tutors acted like I was an idiot when I came in and asked for help, I never went back. Avoid her and the class at all cost
DO NOT TAKE HER! Her course is nothing like other micro courses. I went to 6 tutors and none of them understood what she was doing. She has her own tutoring center called "buddies" but even one of the buddies didn't know how to help. The notes she takes down in class are sporadic and unclear. Many people withdraw from her course.
One of the worst professors I have had at ASU. She is boring, not clear and her tests are hell. The class is only based on tests and a couple homework assignments. DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR. Did not round my grade by one point which gave me a D
Amazing teacher who is dedicated to her students, very educational class that tells you more and more about situations going on in the world that affect you. She has a very high knowledge on microeconomics and is very caring towards her students. She will definitely go the extra mile to help out her students with their class.
Dr. Roberts is an amazing professor. She communicates very clearly when speaking, and even though she doesn't use Powerpoint she always draws out visuals to help you understand. But I won't lie, her tests are hard. I'm not great at econ or math in general, but use all the resources she offers and you can do it. The tutorial videos are the best.
If you have an actual interest in econ, then take her. If you're just taking the class to fulfill a requirement for a different major, then I wouldn't. She doesn't use slides so you need to take really good notes. Memorization won't help, you need to actually understand the concepts. Sometimes she gives extra credit in class, so show up.
Roberts is the worse professor I have ever had! Her idea of lecturing is not using powerpoints but rather writing random graphs and equations on a legal pad and not explaining what they are. Homework is confusing and you only get one attempt. Currently using my econ notes from HIGH SCHOOL to get me through the class. Avoid at all costs.
If you are an econ major, 100% take Dr. Roberts, if not, steer clear. Dr. Robert's lectures are all done using pen and paper and are not posted anywhere so if you want the notes you have to go to class and pay attention. Tests and homework are hard but she ensures you learn the material. Don't skip out on the Econ Buddies, they are awesome.
If you have other options, please choose those. However if this class is your only option, go to tutoring and watch the tutorials she posts on blackboard. As the semester went on, her content of her lectures had nothing to do about the content of the exams.
I LOVE Nancy as a person, however, I know that I started the year with 5 friends in this class and now I am the only one left. If you are looking for an easy microecon class this is not the professor for you. If you are willing to work for it, you will pass.
I love this woman. Professor Roberts is an amazing teacher and walks you through everything you need to know for her homework and tests. With that being said, attending class is mandatory, as she provides most answers in class. Tests can be tough, but as long as you utilize all of the resources she provides, getting an A won't be too difficult.
