She makes a relatively easy class much harder than it needs to be. Everything must be done exactly as she wants or it will be counted (at least partly) wrong (even if the final answer is correct). She has lots of tedious rules and is very strict. If you pay attention she does explain the material, just not worth the hassle, imo take someone else.
Gives lots of opportunities to improve grade. 4 tests, no final. 10 pop quizzes+10 in class assignments, hw assignments on each chapter section. Gives extremely clear notes. Grades tough wants you to do the problems EXACTLY how she does them. Has weird phone policy/bad attitude at times. Wasnt terribly hard to get an A, had to study but not much.
Doesn't allow electronics in her classroom AT ALL, will call you out if your phone is even on. Gives a ton of homework and quizzes only worth 10% of your grade combined. She is very specific about how your work must be shown, isn't forgiving when grading. Do at home problems b/c she might get frustrated and give pop quiz. She is good at teaching.
Kathryn is very organized, and gives you notes to fill in during class. However, she does move a little fast and comes off as very curt and not very approachable if you have questions. If you aren't good at math, you will definitely have to go to help sessions. She's not the worst teacher I've ever had, but I wouldn't take this class again.
Follow directions, do your hw and you will do just fine. She is an amazing lecturer and makes the information super easy to understand but she demands your respect. NO PHONES IN HER CLASS. Don't even try... She's sarcastic and gives lots of grades to help you out. I really enjoyed her class but if you aren't willing to respect her, don't take her.
Good teacher. Takes class SO seriously, so it's definitely not a blowoff course. This course requires a serious amount of effort - homework/reading (even for math, I know), pop quizzes, ICAs (in-class assignments), etc. Very specific grader; every bit of work is to be shown (EXACTLY LIKE DONE IN CLASS) or you'll fail.
If you want an easy math class, this is it. Go to class, pay attention and do the Web assign homework and you will pass. This prof is very good at explaining subjects and if you are struggling to understand something, she is always available in her office hours. This is a great class and I def recommend her!
She has a sarcastic sort of humor that makes class interesting. If you want a slack off class, this is not it. She really cares that you learn and you can tell. She does not allow any electronics in her classroom and she gives pop quizzes, but that is about all the bad I can say about her. And honestly those are not bad things, so take her!!
Kathryn is a really good professor and knows a lot about what she is teaching. The tests are mostly short answer and are pretty difficult, but if you follow along with the notes, do the WebAssign, and the Week-in-Review then you will do fine. She is a hard grader and you MUST go to class, but she does what she can to help her student succeed.
While Kathryn's class was extremely difficult (especially for someone who doesn't do well in math) it was doable. She is willing to help you if you make the effort. Don't wait until the last minute to do anything and go to the SI sessions if you are struggling. I wasn't able to meet during her office hours so she met with me at a different time.
In class assignments and quizzes account for a large part of your grade--don't go to class, you will not pass. Very abrupt person. Very tough grader. She knows her math, but if you do not have a math mentality it will be a nightmare for you. I would not recommend to take this prof if you struggle at all with math or have a heavy course load.
Good at teaching, but no matter how much you study you cannot control how tough of a grader she is. One time I put a lower case letter rather than uppercase in a formula and she took off two points on my test. Shes a bit intimidating and will get angry if you excuse yourself from class from coughing (trust me it happened in mine). Study a lot
Shes a good person, shell bump ur grade at the end if u need it but she can be ruthless on the tests and quizzes and will refuse to provide any curve ever she does her best to help those struggling by only counting the best however many quiz and hw grades but dont think bc of that u can just blow them off bc thats whats gonna save u at the end
She is not a bad professor but she will make you work for your grade so if you miss a class you better go to office hours. Would I recommend her, only if you are a good math student but if she is your last choice she wont hurt you.
AWEFUL. Tough grader &amp; goes through the material fast. Her tests are all free response and she is extremely picky. If math isn't your strength, do NOT take her. I would recommend taking it with a different prof or at a community college. I spent countless hours studying &amp; in tutoring.
Coming from someone who's taken multiple math classes here, she really isn't that bad. Would I recommend her? No, but if she is your only option don't feel like you don't have a chance. You're gonna have to do a lot of outside work to pass but the material isn't impossible, even if you fail 3 quizzes in a row, if you go to see her shell help.
Honestly, I should've just taken this class at blinn. She's a typical college professor that will fail you and keep you from graduating and not lose a wink of sleep about it. Like all math classes here at A&amp;M its tough and requires a good amount of work, so if you can help it take it at blinn or with her if all your other classes are blow offs.
The only people who take her class are the people who have no other choice. This class will turn a good semester into a nightmare. If you are taking other classes that require much attention and time, forget about trying to pass hers because everything she assigns takes hours because she literally teaches material BACKWARDS!!! DO NOT TAKE HER
In order to get anything higher than a D or C you're gonna have to get tutored, go to her office hours, and spend hours trying to teach yourself. Oh and if you didn't take precalc in high school you're gonna get wrecked, bc she just assumes you already know half of what she's teaching . Just do yourself a favor and sign up for a different prof
Kathryn is a good professor in all but her grading is extremely tough, she will take off on very little things and that can completely mess with your grade. Even if you understand the material, you will not feel so confident after getting your exam score back. I wouldn't take her if you aren't too good at math.
