Hanni is a wonderful person and even better professor. She is clear about what you are required to know for tests, quizzes, and what is likely to be a common concept in future math courses. She's easy to access almost 24/7 outside of class, and has simple lectures that make even difficult concepts seem easy. She is the best math teacher I have had.
Hanni was an amazing prof! She really cares about her students and is extremely open and welcoming. Her lectures were always great and I always left class feeling extremely prepared and never confused.
Great prof
Probably the best instructor I have ever had in my life. Understanding of students' schedules and willing to make sure students understand material. Outstanding
It's impossible to dislike a class Hanni teaches. She is SO accessible outside of class. She is the sweetest, most caring teacher I've ever had. She is very flexible when it comes to making up tests/assignments (assuming you actually have a good reason to). She is so thorough when she teaches, too! Essentially, Hanni is an absolute gem.
Hanni is so chill. BEST teacher I have ever had. absolutely amazing. she is VERY good at explaining math skills, and is always willing to teach you 1 on 1 any time outside of lecture
BEST teacher ever she has office hours right after class, her practice exams r JUST like the real exam, and SUPER nice so she accompanies students (ex: did not hold class day before thanksgiving) would HIGHLY recommend getting and if u r good at math u prob dont even need to attend but I would recommend it
THE BEST PROFESSOR AT MSU! She makes everything understandable and easy to grasp. I have never taken a Calculus class before taking this class. I felt super prepared for exams because she is super helpful and is really good at explaining concepts (even if you've never seen the content before). She genuinely wants her students to be successful.
Where do I even start?!?!? Hanni is the best prof to ever step foot on the MSU campus! She is always willing to answer any questions, and she is super accessible. She stays up pretty late so when your late night studying she is almost always available. She also has a passion for math which makes it a whole lot easier to understand. TAKE HANNI!!!!
TAKE HER CLASS
She is VERY nice. Her lectures are easy to understand because she simplifies the material. If you want a more theory-driven/rigorous approach to Calculus, read the online textbook as well. I wish that she explained some of the why's of calculus since it would make the material more intuitive. Her exams are really easy and lenient!
She's the best
Hanni is by far the best professor I have ever had. She is a night owl and so she stays up super late into the night and will answer your questions without hesitation. 100% will be trying to get her for my other math classes.
Hanni is really sweet, you can ask for almost anything and she will not get mad at you (I emailed her the night before an exam to move my test time and she let me do so, though I do not recommend trying this). If you have to take a calculus of any kind, she's great at having tons of office hours and always takes questions in lecture.
Hanni is such a beautiful and wonderful human being. She works really hard to make sure that ALL of her students understand the material. Math 103 is only difficult once you get to the end of the semester because who likes rational functions? However, Hanni has done an AMAZING job helping me understand them. Highly recommend her, she's a gem. &lt;3
Great teacher, she tops any prof I've ever had. She taught me calc 2 so well that I plan to LA for this course next semester. She's basically the cat lady mom that's amazing at math that you've never had.
Cares about her students passing and doing well, its really easy to pass but only if you do your work.
Going to class and doing your online work is really all that matters to get you good grades.
Really easy class! She makes everything super clear and takes her time going over concepts. Great professor and would definitely take her again!
Best professor ever! I have her class along with the online course and I don't think I would be able to pass with out her! She's very detailed in what you need to know for tests, quizes, everything! You can tell she cares about her students and wether they fail or pass.
