She is very knowledgeable on the subject and tries to make it as fun as she can. This is a very hard class though, it contains a lot of material. You must go to every lecture and study a large amount!!
Amazing, hilarious teacher! Absolutely loved her and the class, just be prepared to really pay attention to her lectures and study for the midterm/final.
very funny and informative lectures. If you show up to class and focus on what she says you should be fine. Final is not cumulative
by far the best professor I have had at gmu. extremely passionate about the subject, does a fabulous job at teaching the material. yes this is a 400 level class so it is difficult but if you show up to class and listen to her lecture/read the powerpoint notes youll end up with an A. Also do the hw makes difference by letter grade
Dr. Kocache is my favorite professor by far at Mason. She's really entertaining and really gets into the material. Its amazing when you have a professor who is as passionate about a topic as you are. She's very knowledgeable and explains things well in an easy to understand way.
Highly recommend Dr. K to anyone who is on the pre-med/dental/health track. Yes this class is hard bc its a 400 level course but its worth it. 3 noncumulative exams (exam 3 is the final), 3 short summaries, 7 case study hw , 1 group presentation. No book req. just study the PowerPoints &amp; show up to class you'll do fine! :)
Dr Kocache is an amazing professor and I would defiantly take her again. 2 article reviews. 1 midterm and a final( not cumulative) and one case study presentation. I usually hate presenting in class but it was not hard at all. It is a 400 Biology class so it's not easy. But if you study , you will pass with an A.
Such a fun class. Really gotta use the powerpoints to study for her tests. Make sure you really know the material before tests because she tends to ask trick questions on her tests! Pop quizzes are easy, just make sure you are listening during her lectures! It's not hard to stay focused during her lectures because she is freakin' hilarious.
Dr. Kocache is phenomenal. She is passionate, entertaining, and a true expert in the subject area. There was never a dull moment in the course. Be prepared to study your butt off if you want that A because her exams are difficult, especially Exam 1. Provides great feedback on how to improve. You have to start studying ahead of time and go to class!
The best teacher I ever had. She really knows how to teach; her lectures were engaging, funny, and helped you remember with stories. The class is hard because you have to memorize a lot, but only the info she teaches in class. Never used the textbook. Print the Power Points to write on, record the lectures, and study what she teaches in class.
Dr. Kocache is an amazing professor. She is very passionate about what she teaches and is very good at her job. She is great at explaining the material and very funny. Although, the material is VERY hard. Incoming nursing majors you have been warned. Go to every lecture and pay attention the entire time, study a LOT, and you will be fine.
She's the best teacher I ever had! Very funny, caring, and a great teacher all around. The material can be challenging, but she does her best to help you in any way she can.
Dr. Kocache is a great teacher! She makes all the lectures engaging and interactive. She makes sure that you truly learn and understand the material completely. Her powerpoints are detailed and good to study from. She also is always available by email or office hours. She is great at helping one on one and giving good tips for studying.
Professor Kocache is absolutely amazing. She loves what she teaches and constantly gives you fun stories to help remember  material. She is straight forward with what is expected. Does NOT give out any minuses, ex. C-. You have to stay on top of the material or else you won't do well. Thankfully, she makes it fun! I wish I could take her again.
I took Dr. Kocache's class this spring and she is AMAZING. By far the best Professor at Mason and I am actually sad that her class is over. She's passionate, enthusiastic, and wants her students to succeed. She taught me so much this semester and she has absolutely made an impact on my education for certain. All teachers should be like Dr. Kocache!
Omg Kocache is the best. Her lectures are the best. Her test is heavy on ppt. She will not test on things she won't go over so really going to class and taking notes on her slides is helpful. My lowest test score was a 89, and she dropped one test so I had an A in all my other tests. Again key to pass is to show up and take notes and do the HW.
Dr. Kocache is a fantastic professor and just genuinely a really great person. Her lectures were never dull and she really engages students throughout the class in discussion. Exams were MC and homework assignments were helpful to use as study guides for tests. Kindest professor I've ever had. Take her class if you have the opportunity!
Make your own study guides along with her own, record lectures, get a group of classmates to exchange, take notes, understand material, ask for help if you need it, write notes when you get home, do well on homework and quizzes to increase your grade if a test is bad
She is a great professor. She knows her information. However,  her exams are quite difficult and tricky. This is not an easy course. But she is a fun professor. Go to class, go to office hours because every grade matters in this course.
Introduction to Microbiology was a really good experience with Dr. Kokache. However, some of the questions of the tests were tricky. However, she was fantastic at explaining important concepts of microbiology even though some of the concepts were complicated. I would definitely recommend this professor to other students as she is awesome.
