There is a lot of content to go over in this class, but it is manageable. It is very easy to fall behind if you are not used to regularly doing homework on a set schedule. It's also important to go to EVERY class, she will know if you're not there and your attendance grade will suffer.
Professor Arribas is very kind and is always willing to give you extra help if you need it. There is homework every day but it is manageable.
She is amazing! She is great at teaching and engaging.
She cares about her students, but she definitely reduced my interest in Spanish last semester. She wants all of her students to do well in her class and learn the language, but she does not want to adapt her assignments to people with learning disabilities. Sometimes, she'll be pretty rude. Other times, she'll be nice.
Profesora Arribas is an amazing professor! She is very passionate about teaching Spanish and is very active during class. You actually learn so much from going to her class! Spanish is definitely one of my favorite subjects now. She is available for office hours and goes out of her way to make sure her students understand the material. Recommended!
Professor Arribas was a great teacher but it was definitely tough. You get homework every night, you have a writing homework due once a week along with a mini quiz, there are chapter tests and midterms! The class is engaging but make sure you are on top of your work because she calls on people. All of this allows you to learn better spanish!
Profesora Arribas is unbelievably supportive. She's challenging-even demanding- but she will always go above and beyond for students who are struggling, but engaged. Do the work, and she returns your effort ten fold. Also, just an incredibly warm human being.
Very engaging and exuberant teacher. She can be a bit disorganized (posting the wrong homework, writing quizzes last minute), but in general she cares about her students and will teach you a lot. Expect a lot of homework though!
Señora Arribas has the most beautiful, clear voice. She's accessible to both beginners and advanced students, and makes even the most basic Spanish students feel excited about their capabilities. She's exceedingly helpful, both in and out of class. She's down to earth, and though she definitely makes you work, she'll always meet you half way.
Dr. Arribas is quite a bit scary and intimidating. She teaches well and is very passionate, but you have to work hard to get on her good side. I would definitely take her class again (I learned a lot!) but I'm pretty she doesn't like me : Definitely show up to classes, do the readings, participate, hand in assignments on time, etc.
She is awesome!!!!
I absolutely love Profesora Arribas. She has so much energy, and really devotes her time to helping her students out. She is also easy to talk to. She won't just give you easy A's, but almost every grade you get, you can redo/edit the assignment and improve the grade.
Prof. Arribas is amazing! She does pick on people in class but it is expected you have already completed your homework. She gives a lot of quizzes and exams but makes sure you understand the materials and format. I came in this class with zero knowledge of Spanish but I am now able to have a short conversation in Spanish at least!
I loved Arribas, she makes the class come to life. She teaches as though she were dancing the whole time, its like watching a performance -definetely a work of art. Do the work and study hard, don't miss class, and you'll do great. She's also a brilliant humanitarian. She is the woman I'd like to be -confident, sassy, compassionate, &amp; so gorgeous.
AMAZING professor! She is so sweet and kind. You will learn A TON in her class. She is the reason I continued to take spanish classes even after I fulfilled the language requirement.
this class is definitely hard. you have to show up everyday and know your stuff, because it's guaranteed that she's be asking you for answers the whole time. it's not an option to be quite. still, she's lots of fun and an amazing prof
very good professor, engaging and really helpful.
Pretty hard....you must come to class! Can't 'get by' with just knowing the bare minimum....she LOVES to call on people in class and ask them questions....do not take if you're looking for an easy spanish class!
She knows her stuff, but is very intimidating at times.  She demands a lot but if you are really into the subject, it is worth the effort because you learn a lot.
No Comments
