Overall not a bad experience. Would recommend taking the course if you actually want to learn something.
Prof Moore is awesome! I don't understand the negative comments. She teaches very well with lots of examples and I always got A's and B's on the test (never read the book). There is a lot of extra credit. Prof is very nice and willing to help if you ask her a question. I think she is a great economics teacher and I do recommend her. Watch lectures!
If you want to learn about microeconomics do not take this professor! She is terrible. She is always confused, doesn’t explain things well and could not use technology. Hands down the worst professor I've had at UCF.  The only saving grace is that it is easy to pass the class, thanks to extra credit and simple homework.
Took the lecture capture version of this course for Summer A. Elder lady, super nice, gives extra credit, homework is easy and helps to understand concepts, don't have to use the book too much because she talks about everything in the powerpoint thats on the test. Make a good notecard with the graphs and key terms, and side notes you have. Easy A.
Class is not mandatory but I recommend going because she does go over test questions. Sometimes she can get confusing when explaining certain things but its not that bad, just check the textbook. If you make a detailed notecard for each test and all of the HW then you can easily get an A. If you do all the work and extra credit you'll be fine.
Terrible at teaching but she makes the class very easy. I only attended the first 2 classes because attendance is useless for learning. Two things to get an A, MAKE A GREAT NOTECARD FOR THE TEST and do the homework. The only reason I didn't get an A is because I ended with an F in the HW category (HW is stupid easy I'm just an idiot for missing it)
Does not explain topics clear enough so you can understand it. She will talk about how great she is and how much she knows about economics but fails to explain it. Do yourself a favor and do not take her.
Despite flaunting her economic prowess, she fails to provide any wisdom to the class, leaving students lost and confused. I attended class every day before the first the test and got a C. Afterward, I didn't go to class once. I got an A on the rest. Not only did she not help me, her unrelated rambles about JCPenney actively kept me from learning.
If you want to be confused about economics then I recommend taking this baffle minded teacher. All she does during class is talk about how she mixes up the material and then gets an attitude when a student doesn't understand. I got a 98 in micro in highschool and ended up with a D in college because of her. I regret ever taking this class!
Worst teacher I've ever experienced, she cannot teach. I've tried to sit in class and learn, but the fact that all she does is read directly off her power points and talks to herself, rather than the class, makes it impossible. She gives EC assignments because if she didn't everyone would fail. The only help i got for tests was the book. RUN!!!
This is the worst teacher I have ever had, her lectures make no sense and she reads as though she is a machine. She does not care about her students as I ended the class with a 79.4% and would not even come to meet with me to go over the finale nor bump me .6%. Going to her office hours is useless because she  is clueless &amp; and admits to it.
Probably the worst teacher to ever walk the face of the earth. Ended the class with a 79.8% and she refused to bump up my grade. Everything about her lectures is confusing and you can benefit greatly from avoiding this class AT ALL COSTS.
Worst professor ive ever had. Do not take her. Shes sweet but simply cannot teach. Please take my advice is go to a different economics teacher.
I don't know how she is still employed here at ucf, she rambles, can't admit to her own mistakes even when students correct her, spends at least half of each class talking about her most recent grocery store trip and then proceeds to give impossible exams that leave kids baffled after they take them. AVOID HER
She is not helpful at all. I would go to class thinking she would be more clear the next time, but it never ended up that way. I depended on MyEcon Labs and the extra credit, which is not a large portion of the grade. All she does is ramble and mix up all of the formulas. I tried my best to understand. My grade suffered because she is not clear.
If you can take another professor do so!she is very sweet but she can't clarify very well n even going into office hours she was of very little help to me even when i brought in specific questions.She look at me like i was stupid! If you do end up sticking with her buy the book n do ALL EC! the EC isnt hard. HAD USE THE HELP DESK to even get a 70%
I did not enjoy this class. She always had to correct herself and would write down things on the overhead and say the opposite out loud. I also got tired of hearing the same stories about how she is a thrifty shopper over and over again. Sorry but I did not like this class. I got an A but you have to teach yourself.
this class isnt hard. She makes it harder due to her lack of explanation. If you take the book and study and ready its relatively easy.
She was absolutely useless. She was horrible at teaching and gave the wrong information a lot of the time. I eventually stopped going to class and used the summaries in the book to prepare for tests. I got a B+, but would have been better if she wasn't such a horrible professor. Take another professor if you can.
If I could give her less than one, I would. I basically memorized the whole textbook and still got a bad grade. She sucks at teaching and even her tests have typos.
