DEFINITELY would not recommend this professor or class to anyone. if you like religion and writing this is for you, but to every other average person, take another class with another professor. HORRIBLE TEACHER.
This professor cares about her students but is the hardest grader. The first half of this course is more of a English course on reading skills. She gives reading quizzes, did not learn much about death and dying, not a very good classs. It is exam week and I still dont know what my grade is because she does not put them into black board.
She really REALLY cares about your success, which is the kind of attitude every professor should have, however she makes you work hard.  Show up for class. Don't buy all the books until absolutely necessary, you most likely won't get through all of them.  I really enjoyed the class, but I didn't enjoy the workload.
She's more concerned with writing and reading skills than anything else. She makes you "read like a detective" and wants you to take various notes. Book and material reading is MANDATORY! Coming to class is mandatory because she stamps your work and that matters in your portfolio at the end of the semester. I worked hard for the grade I received.
She doesn't touch the course material until halfway through the semester. Her grading is very tough because she's unclear when explaining what she wants. She forces her "detective" and "learning strategies" on you claiming they are the best thing ever. If your opinion in your essays are not hers or someone she references, expect a bad grade. Avoid.
This class is definitely not a blow off. The material is difficult and she assigns a lot of writing, but, she is willing to do just about anything to help her students get good grades. Go to office hours and ask questions in class and you won't have a problem.
This professor is what you have nightmares about when dreaming about college. She grades tough, gives way too many busy work assignments, and doesn't clarify anything relevant to religion. I hope you like learning about reading and writing skills because that's the majority of the class. If you can avoid taking this professor, do it. R.I.P my GPA
She is not clear with anything that she wants handed in, she doesn't use letter grades, only the check, plus, minus system like we used when we were 7. She is rude during students presentations.
She doesn't read you're writing all the way through. You will have a ton of homework and assignments but not a lot of grades. It's not listed as writing intensive, but it is. She grades more off of how you write, instead of you're knowledge of your course.
Anyone that has given her a good score is barking mad. I accidentally signed up (2003) as a first semester freshman, something that wasn't  allowed, from what I understood.   Irony of Death and Dying, I had a family member die and the woman lied to me and said I'd get a "W". NOPE, she failed me.   Merlyn ruined my whole perspective on college.
Had to withdraw from the course because by the last week that it was possible to withdraw I still didn't have a grade in the class since she gave my portfolio back ungraded. A shame, 'cause the information was actually interesting. Too bad she's the only one that offers it.
Toughest class I've ever taken but I gained the most from taking it. I do not recommend this class if you're looking for something easy or a blow-off class to fill a U.P.
I took Mowrey years ago; I want to post and let you know that the skills she taught, the ones that everyone thought were "pointless" and "time wasters," have changed how I learn and read...I'm a better student, and have been in grad school and a professional postgrad program.  Don't disregard Mowrey's teaching methods; she is definitely helping!!
Absolutely terrible. She uses the coursework to teach reading skills rather than the actual subject, and the amount of assignments is ludicrous. I'm a decent writer, but this was supposed to be a course on death and dying. Save yourself the trouble and take the class with ANYONE else. She's the worst prof I've ever had throughout my years at CMU.
Dr. Mowrey seems to be much more concerned with showing you how smart she is than with efficiently teaching a class. Her supposed caring attempts at keeping her students from becoming "academically adrift" are ironically alienating. I love reading and I love writing, but her "Detective" strategies are repetitive, time consuming, and mind-numbing.
She is a brilliant woman. She's always willing to give extra help to students. If you want an easy A, this is NOT the class for you. She will make you a better student, thinker, reader and writer if you put the effort in. The material you cover is very interesting. You learn a lot about the subject of death and dying.
Don't waste your time taking this course. The workload is absolutely ridiculous. I understand it's a college course, but it's like she doesn't realize we have jobs and other classes outside of this one. We've never talked about the actual subject of death and dying, only how to "read like a detective." The way she teaches makes me feel like a child
If you are looking to learn about death and dying in this course then you will be disappointed. All you learn about is "reading like a detective". I wish I had never taken this course. She is nice and she means well but its simply not what I expected at all and I am struggling to get by. She gives so much work that is unrelated to death.
For the love of god, don't take her. She uses her classes to shove her "learning strategies" down your throat, and you won't even TOUCH the subject matter. Literally, we haven't even discussed death and dying, just 20 class periods of learning to be "better readers". Save yourself the agony, trust me.
I just don't quite understand who she thinks she is. The class is random theodicies that don't reflect her original ideas just regurgitation of others work. She focused on reading more than death &amp; dying. if that's what you're looking for in a class, don't take this. By far my worst college experience.
