Professor Kilmer is good at clearly and thoroughly explaining the math material. She goes over each process step by step. However, she can be a bit redundant if you are somewhat familiar with the material from other math courses. Attending her lectures are essential. She holds every class until the last minute. Overall, a good and thorough prof.
Her tests were half multiple choice and half true/false. Sometimes she did not explain things very well but there were ways to access her for questions or help.
Kilmer is a very good math prof. There is homework that is due every week but it is usually easy. Her tests are easy, but get harder as the semester goes on. She is always accessible and there are always week in reviews and help sessions. If you pay attention and understand how to do the homework than you should be successful.
Mrs. Kilmer was a decent prof but I always felt like her lectures lasted sooo long. She repeats herself often to make sure everyone understands but it can get old fast. If youve struggled with math in the past I would recommend her since she really cares about your success and is always available for questions. The class easy overall so easy A too
She has worksheets to print off before every class, and in class she just goes through the worksheet and shows you how to do the problems. She makes some videos online to explain some of the ones she won't do in class. Really helped me understand how to solve the problems. Would definitely take again
I absolutely HATED this professor! The textbook will not help you whatsoever and she is agonizingly slow in the lecture. If math is not your strongest subject I highly suggest taking this course at a community college. If you have to take this make sure you utilize office hours like crazy but all in all this professor is awful.
I am horrible at math and I personally could not follow along with her teaching techniques. She does offer a lot of outside help, like Week in Reviews, which are extremely helpful for practice.
Kilmer is a interesting woman, but if math is not your best strength I suggest not taking her. I'm alright in math, but she seemed to get me confused on what were doing. There's clicker questions very class so SHOW UP. there's groups which I tough was helpful. Overall not the best but not the worst, just depends if you can learn math quick.
Professor Kilmer, in my opinion, was a great professor. I took her my first semester at A&amp;M in math 140 and she made a huge difference in how challenging it was for me. She does week-in reviews every week and makes videos on how to do certain problems on the homework. Her class, syllabus, and grading is VERY organized. You have to work for an A.
1. assigned seats 2. she takes a whole class to do one easy problem 3. the tests are very similar to the group quizzes and week-in reviews 4. clicker questions are sometimes over material that has yet to be covered 5. the final replaces lowest test grade but it is cumulative 6. easy math just interesting professor
Overall, she's an alright math teacher (speaking from someone who is good at math) Clicker questions EVERY CLASS so attendance is basically mandatory. She teaches like her students are 2nd graders, but she's generally pretty caring.
Kilmer is a very boring lecturer. She doesn't expand no any ideas and just teaches the examples. It is easy to get an A, just don't expect much from her end. If you have taken any prior calculus then this class will be a breeze. Just make sure to do the homework and show up for clicker questions. Also she assigns seats which sucks.
Avoid at all costs. She takes an hour to get through 3 example problems, assigns you a seat, and does clicker questions. If math is not your strong suit, do not take her class.
Not worth taking. She gives terrible feedback.
Very good lecturer for a very big class. Goes a little bit slow so its good if you struggle, but if not it can get a little boring. I did very well with minimal studying because she provides very good resources for test review and is very helpful with any questions. Very good class for freshman moves at a good pace
Ms. Kilmer is a true gem. She is constantly available for her outside of class through her office hours and week-in reviews. I love that we just print the notes and then go over each problem/concept in class as it helps me study for the exams. The homework can be tough at times as it sometimes requires higher thinking than talked about in class.
Shes a sweet professor and is willing to help, but when you go to her for help she isnt sure what to tell you to do differently if youre struggling and have used all of her resources. I wouldnt recommend her if youre not good at math.
Kilmer is a great professor who explains concepts extremely well. She really cares about her students and their success. I'd definitely recommend her. She does use iclickers and assigns weekly homework.
Missed a couple classes and paid for it. Lots of people like her, we just didnt vibe
Kilmer requires weekly hw, but you have multiple tries on each problem. There are many opportunities to get easy grades from daily I-Clicker participation points. Tests were easier than i expected and she gives tons of resources to get additional help and makes it very clear what is expected from you each class! She can be a bit redundant though...
