Her lectures are clear. Just study past prelims then review them for the final and you'll be good.
Had her for 1110 and 1120. Lectures are not terribly interesting but they cover most of what is on the exam. Homework is easy points so don't miss out. Also offers iclicker extra-credit. Textbook is useful for reviewing info but not terribly necessary. Be sure to do the practice tests and psets before the exam.
Confusing lecturer, though its obvious she's passionate about economics
She uses terrible examples for what she talks about. She rushes through lectures and her example pictures often leaving seconds for you to figure out what she just drew on the graph. I clicker points are important in each lecture. As well as the online quizes which are nothing like the class but important. Prelims are hard, but not the worst.
Wissink is the worst professor ever. She is rude during office hours and wastes time during lecture to talk about the history of economics instead of showing how to do problems and concepts that are on her prelims. The multiple choice questions on her prelims and final are worth so many points and really kill the overall test scores.
The class itself was pretty easy in general, just show up and pay attention in lectures and sections. Do the MEL quizzes and use iclickers for easy points. Prelims were extremely similar to practice prelims but the final was different. Wissink was awful at explaining concepts but there are many resources to help you.
Teach yourself, and don't be fooled by her practice tests.
If you've never taken Econ before DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. It is the worse. There are too many unrelated/unecessary things that just take up time. The prelims are really hard and the class isn't very organized. A lot of unecessary info.
Overall, this class was one that shouldn't be hard. There are a ton of resources but I don't know many people who bother using them. She is a little disconnected from the student experience and will sometimes rush through material that is difficult and then move sluggishly through easy stuff. Overall, not bad
Has probably taught econ too long to remember what it's like to be a learning student. She clearly knows her stuff and is an incredibly friendly professor, but sometimes she's not very clear in her teaching. The textbook helps.
I've never seen a professor be more disrespectful to her students. When I went into her office hours, she belittled me in front of other students who were there for asking a question that "I should know the answer to". Her lectures are boring, her online presence is unorganized (3 separate sites? really?), and isn't good at teaching the concepts.
Took for both micro/macro. Although she covers material quickly, teaches it well, provides a TREMENDOUS amount of resources, and teaches it FULLY. Leaves no stone unturned. Also fair in grading. Best, shes kind and down-to-earth and provides plenty of office hours. Want to succeed? WORK HARD! Youll learn a ton. One of my favorite professors.
Good Professor, she is very interesting and is passionate about the subject. Two ways of grading which can help students. Attendance is not mandatory but it helps your grade. If you want an A, study previous exams, do the MEL online quizzes, and attend the lectures!
As a whole, awesome professor, very intelligble about Economics, very helpful during office hours. The lectures kinda get boring and very early in the day as well. all the prelims follow her old ones The text is kinda useless
Tries her best to CONFUSE her students. Goes on about irrelevant details but when it comes time to learn the important things, speeds up and leaves students confused. Ohours help but are by no means amazing. iClicker attendance (optional) used for extra credit, which is a huge help considering she isn't the best! Tests are just like practice exams!
So boring.
Wissink's lectures weren't the most entertaining, but they were very informative. If you attend all the lectures, there's not that much need to use the textbook. Her prelims were very similar to the practice ones and the Panopto videos were helpful if you ever skip lecture.
Wissink was good.  Not fantastic but very good.  Class is too big.  She's much better in smaller settings like when she did a group office hour before the final.  Go to lecture.  Then do her sample prelims and old posted problem sets. That's what I did and it worked great for me.  Does talk a bit too fast.
Basically solid.  Buying the text book was a waste of money.  If you go to lecture and use the slides she posts and sometimes the panopto videos that are there too you can figure it all out.  Not a fan of the MEL stuff.
This class was at 9:05 in the morning but Wissink was always early and willing to chat with anyone who was there.  The slides were helpful but a bit sloppy when she wrote on them - but maybe that was because of her broken wrist. The practice work really helped a lot. Don't buy the text, just but into MEL cheapest option.
