I stopped going to lectures because she did not give any more information than the textbook and homework quizzes did. She does not make her own exams or powerpoints and gets them from the website that the textbook and homework are on. She does not show up for exam days and TAs grade everything. Easy class if you do the homework.
In PSY 220, Dr. Babcock does everything you need her to. She goes over powerpoints and lectures that pertain to the book (it is an online Revel Textbook) and take online quizzes and tests from that book. The class is overall very straightforward and easy if you do the work.
Babcock is a good prof. The online book has easy tests and quizzes. Once in awhile she gives extra credit for coming to class but you don't need to go to lecture. As long as you get your work done and study for the tests you'll be all set.
To be completely honest, I stopped attending this class a month ago. I went to the first couple of lectures and she's great. Super friendly and knows what she's talking about. But if you read the book, take the quizzes, and take the exam (all online) you'll literally be fine. I don't even bother to show up and I've had an A semester.
She's passionate about what she's teaching and always makes sure to give examples to clarify ideas. If you pay attention, you're guaranteed an A. She keeps lectures interesting. There are quizzes online before each exam, but the work isn't hard. There are a few mini essays that you'll have to write.
Easy online class as long as you read the online textbook. Lots of points available through the online text to help boost your grade. Offers two chances at online exams with lockdown browser, and there is no final exam! Don't even need to view the powerpoints, just read the text. Weekly discussion board, and a couple of writing assignments.
Great lady. Lecture heavy but she is very nice and obviously cares about her students. Online textbook needed, with LOTS of quizzes to go with, not too hard though. Couple papers assigned, exams online with lockdown browser. Also, 2 current events which aren't hard. Prof. Babcock is a solid choice.
A lot of people take psychology, and I would highly recommend Professor Babcock. Her lectures were not mandatory, but I never missed a lecture because they were really interesting and it was easier than having to read the book. Weekly quizzes that can be difficult if you don't put in a little effort. Very friendly and very funny.
She was one of the best professors I have had so far. Has straight forward lectures with power points to fill out with notes that are directly on the exams. Online homework is a huge grade booster and super easy.
Babcock is an easy instructor. You do not need to come to class but beware: some things she shows in class shows up on the exams. All work is online via REVEL (buy the access code which includes the book). Offers good extra credit. Easy A class. She can be boring and routine though because she reads directly off the power points.
Incredible! By far one of the most understanding, relatable professors I have ever had. She tries to meet our needs by being very flexible, but not too flexible where she is taken advantage of. Honestly, if you just do your homework and average C's on the exams you will most likely end up around an A- or B grade in class. Recommend.
Amazing lectures/power points. Do the assignments on REVEL and the discussion boards! Exams can be taken twice with no final. She responds to emails quickly
There is a lot of homework for this class, but if you pay attention to her lectures they  are pretty simple! It looks like way more work than it truly is! I absolutely loved professor Babcock! She kept her lectures interesting and related things to our lives to make it easier to understand the info! Fave class by far! Totally recommend :)
Babcock is a great professor for PSY100. Lectures are optional, although I would recommend going to take notes off her PowerPoints. The Revel homework assignments make up the majority of your grade, so as long as you can do well on those, you can definitely get an A in the class. She's really sweet and understanding &amp; I would definitely recommend!
Dr. Babcock is amazing professor! I really enjoyed her lectures. PSY 220 was a very easy class, just make sure to do the homework and show up for lecture. The textbook is online. Also she doesn't make her students take a final!
You don't need the book just the access code for homework/quizzes online. I never studied outside the assignments online and got a B+. Prof Babcock adds relatable/relevant content to lectures so they're always interesting. She's very approachable and easy to talk to. Definitely a "mom" type prof, even in a large lecture class.
I liked the lectures because they were very interesting but the exams were pretty hard. Spend time on the online quizzes because those are a big part of the grade.
Class with Dr. Babcock is always interesting and she gives plenty of opportunities for questions and open discussion. Do not do homework the night before the exam.
you can get any grade above a C if you take notes in class or get them from a friend. She also gives a study guide a couple of days before the exams which is very helpful.
I enjoyed her class. As long as you stay up on the reading and do well with the online quizzes and papers you will be prepared for the exam. It isn't necessary to attend lecture but it definitely helps. She enjoys conversations about the topics and is more than willing to work out any issues with you. Great!
