Very passionate professor and clearly wants to teach. She is really good at explaining topics and takes time to make sure her students understand her. Exams are straightforward.
Davis isn't the best, but she's much better than the other bio110 prof. Her ppts have the bare minimum, so you NEED to pay attention to her lectures in order to get the material. I would recommend recording her lectures just in case you miss something. Her exams seem to include a lot of material you don't cover in class, but she's a fair grader.
Most people really enjoy Dr. Davis as she doesn't just read from lectures. Unfortunately, if you are not paying attention for even a second, you have lost vital information that will definitely be on the test. Going back and looking at the powerpoints will not help as they are mostly blank and she fills them in during class. Great teacher though.
She is clear about what she wants from students on tests and gives good tests. puts in the effort so that you succeed. Over all great prof.
Tamara is wonderful! She is super accessible, very friendly, super inspirational, and really wants students to succeed. Her tests are challenging, but doable. Honestly one of the best professors I have ever had.
If you are interested in taking introduction to biology without much previous experience, I highly recommend to look through the syllabus and ask around before taking this class. This class was extremely difficult and very demanding. The exams are nothing like the powerpoint or what she really talks about in class.
Brilliant lecturer. It's possibly to get a 4.0 in this class if you attend every lecture and ensure you understand the material as the course progresses. Her exams are no joke but they're also curved so you don't have to freak out. Take this course if you want to be fascinated. Davis couldn't have taught the material better.
Tamara is the sweetest, most enthusiastic bio professor you will every meet. Her class is popular, however, only 3/50 students will get a 3.3+ gpa, and these 3 are most likely sophomores or juniors. VERY difficult course unless you passed AP Bio with a 5. Keeping up with her material and courses is EXTREMELY DIFFICULT BUT IMPORTANT.
She is amazing and very good at explaining concepts. Do not be deceived for her exams appear to be simple and straight forward but there are many tricks and twists in the exam wording. Be sure to visit her in office hours and participate as much as you possibly can!
Awesome and really enthusiastic; she teaches her subject really well.  Her tests are difficult and you must study thoroughly for them.  Otherwise the homework load is pretty light.  But you need to sit for lectures because she explains everything clearly in class; the textbook is hard to understand
Dr. Davis is an amazing professor. Her lectures are amazing, and she really wants each student to understand the material. She is open to questions and the entire class time is very interactive. You will get the most out the class if you participate because her exams are not easy A's.
Dr. Davis teaches genetics in a confusing way.  Her homework is doable and in fact easy, but her tests are ridiculously hard and long.  She does not give partial credit and does not care if you fail her class.
SHE IS AMAZING! I loved her class, however her tests are difficult.
Dr. Davis is incredibly smart and makes the material interesting. She's there if you seek her out, but she won't come to you without you asking. Few tests mean they count for a lot, so make sure to study. Material is expectedly difficult, but Dr. Davis is the best person to teach it.
Professor Davis is one of the best teachers I've ever had. She is so enthusiastic and great at explaining things. Really loved her course!
Tamara Davis is the definition of a great professor. She is sweet, dedicated, and is quite sane although she repeatedly denies it ; ) She's very direct and clear and her exams reflect only what we've learned, practiced, and discussed in class (no random craziness). She's down to earth and practical. She has high expectations but they are reachable.
Very dedicated - tries really hard to make sure we understand the material. Good overall.
Dr. Davis was the best professor I ever had!!!  I am now in graduate school and I miss her everyday.
Intro Bio is really just an incredibly easy class. Chander uses power point based lectures but you still have to go to class because the power points can be ambiguous without her commentary. She knows a lot about her subject but doesn't have a hard time breaking it down for intro material.
I LOVED Prof. Davis!!! I took bio to fulfill the lab requirement because it seemed better than any of the options. she made me fall in love with biology, and even though i don't need to, i'm taking bio 102, and will probably even take more advanced courses. Her tests are a little hard, but she's great about answering questions.
