This class was the most stressful class of my life. She is nice and funny, but I struggled with this class the most. Her lectures make no sense because she constantly gets off topic and is not clear in lecture AT ALL. tests are also hard too. So if youre not a math person, take someone else that will be able to teach the content better.
Prof. Lewis's class was a very hard lecture to sit through due to the fact that she could never really stay on task or focused. I always looked up other professors notes to help me understand the topic. Her first test is really easy so ace it. She curves test if the grades are horrible and gives an extra credit paper at the end.
The first test is really easy so get a good grade on it. don't procrastinate on the homework modules, and read other profs notes. She is super scatterbrained and her lectures are impossible to follow. She posts the notes online but its really hard to follow, and most of the time she makes up her own problems and makes mistakes. extra credit at end.
Professor Lewis is a sweet lady, and will generally work with you if you make it known you are struggling. That being said, it is hard to follow along in her lectures because she can make simple math seem confusing or more complicated. Towards the end of the semester she had a few opportunities to make up some lost points.
Lewis is not a good professor in that she has very unorganized notes and its difficult to follow what she is saying. I feel like she never really gives steps on how to do something, she just shows one or two examples. Class is kind of a waste of time if you google how to do things. Tests are easy (beware of test 2) Over all not hard just annoying.
Professor Lewis has a very difficult time teaching course material. It takes way too long, she's hard to understand, and makes mistakes that throw you off. Her notes aren't helpful at all but it's very hard to learn from her in class so it's hard to learn anything. Her office hours are full of students so she rarely can help you then. Do not take
Although Lewis is super funny and nice, she makes a lot of mistakes and is quite hard to follow at times making it hard to get a good understanding of material. Offered an extra credit quiz and the cumulative final could replace your lowest test grade. 3-5 homework assignments every week, and may struggle a lot if you don't go to class.
It was difficult to understand her most of the times. She isn't that good at explaining concepts and it was kind of hard to follow her work. Make sure you do all the reviews that she has provided before each test. I didn't get an A on a single test except the final and I ended with an A in the class.
Professor Lewis does a lot of examples during lecture, but she does go pretty fast so you have to keep up. She answers questions very well though. Attendance is not mandatory but you might not do so hot if you skip class regularly. She gives up to 30 pts extra credit on lowest test grade and for us she replaced 2nd lowest test with final exam grade
Rearrange your entire schedule before you take the professor. She is a very sweet and funny lady but she is the worst professor I have ever had. She does not know how to lecture and you cannot understand her. I am an A+ student and study hard but this class was impossible without outside tutoring. Do whatever you can not to take her.
Professor Lewis is a very sweet, funny, smart lady. Although, I think she is too smart and tends to forget to "dummy things down" for her students. We get assigned 3-5 homework assignments about every 9 days and I went to office hours with the TA every week because the homework was often quite difficult/ she went too fast during lecture
Professor Lewis wasn't awful, I had her for the 2nd half of the semester, and she definitely does better than other Calculus 3 professors. She is very soft spoken and does mess up in class, but she is knowledgeable on the subject and tests are fair. Outside resources helped me a lot to get through the class though.
Not the best lecturer, but she knows the material and is helpful is you go to her outside of class. The subjects learned were not hard, but if you don't go to class, don't expect to make a good grade. A lot of the people in my class who complained about her were either never actually in class or didn't do the homework.
I had to q drop this class because I just couldn't do it. The subject was relatively easy, but for someone who is bad at math, Prof Lewis didn't really help much. I went to the week in reviews and even got outside tutoring. Going to class to take notes made me even more confused. Teaching style just wasn't for me, but she's a really sweet lady.
She's a really nice lady but she is the most ineffective teacher I've ever had. I had to use other teacher's notes and reviews to do the homework and then her tests are nothing like the homework at all. She does let you correct quizzes which is nice but this class is really difficult even if you are good at math.
Professor Lewis is a nice lady but not an effective teacher. I had learned the material in high school and somehow UNlearned it through her lectures. I had to use another professor's notes to learn the material myself and try to ignore her lectures because they made me worse off. Luckily, she replaces the lowest exam with the final and a bonus quiz
She is a very nice woman, but as a professor, she isn't really what you'd want. She's fairly disorganized and doesn't do a good job explaining how to do most of the problems presented. Her explanations made you feel more confused instead. I literally had to teach myself and just went on YouTube for help as her lectures weren't even helpful.
Very sweet woman, but not a great professor. She was often scrambled and unorganized in her lectures. Three tests that aren't terrible, but definitely require some self-teaching. Tries to help your grade with group projects and a bonus exam at the end of the semester. Easy B if you do the homework.. I did not, and will take end up with a high C..
Unless you REALLY know your math, do not take Lewis. I went to tutoring, did the week- in- reviews, read the textbook, looked at another professors notes, did all of her online practice exams, went to her for an extra practice exam, and still failed every exam. She does not explain well or even finish her problems in lecture. Take another prof.
Lewis is such a sweet lady and would make a great grandmother. But math professor?... not so much. She doesn't teach instead she just does examples but doesn't say how she got it.
