She's a really nice person and is always happy to talk with you about your ideas/rough draft. She is definitely a tough grader - so I would recommend talking to her before you write up your essays. You'll learn a lot but you have to already be a pretty strong writer IMO. If you're worried about your grade definitely talk to her, she's flexible.
Professor Beard is amazing. She's a tough grader, but if you prove yourself, her classes get easier and easier.
She is an awesome professor. She is very serious about giving feedback and pushing students to think critically. She only steps in to clarify a point or to add her two cents. She is very receptive to criticism and she is loved by many.
I loved taking Black Bards with her this past semester.  There  was a lot of writing and reading, however it was all worth it.  The writing was two one page single space responses every week.  It sounds like a lot, but you get used to it and then you feel so accomplished like FOR REAL
Beard is the most unique and wonderful professor I've had at Bryn Mawr. If you can pause to understand her style of teaching- she can guide you to becoming a more critical writer and thinker! Plus she rapped in class!
Professor Beard is incredible. She is informed and open to all students and opinions in discussion. She is very accommodating. I learned a lot from this class.
If she doesn't like you, you're screwed.
morally sound.
She was my senior thesis advisor.  Her former advisees and I concurr that as an advisor, she is as effective as a slab of haddock: she is lovely and encouraging to talk to, but just nods and smiles instead of actually advising.
No Comments
This is an excellent course for all interested in African Lit.  The discussions are provocative and I would never ever skip a class.  She's great when she gets into the higher level courses--  I had her for english 250 and despised her.  I love her now, though!
No Comments
She's a whack-a-doodle. Very  in touch with her feelings and her god.  Gotta love the nun who wears sparkly sweaters one year and her habit the next. I disagree with her that Toni Morrison is a literary genius.
No Comments
