CompSci 94 is supposed to be easy but Professor Rodger makes it so difficult to learn anything. She is not open to any questions or helping any students, her TA's do a better job at teaching than she des. Do not take this class if you're looking for an easy A or to learn anything useful about computer science.
Absolutely horrible professor. Was abrasive to questions, and when she did take them usually answered them rudely. Sometimes had 4 or more things due in one week with a midterm on the way. Clearly doesn't care about her students. Avoid at all costs.
Professor Rodger strikes me as someone who understands the material very well herself, but has a tough time imparting that to others. In short, a lot of the learning in her computer science classes has to be done on your own.
Rodger is really sweet and cares about her students, but isn't a great lecturer. I came in having zero CS background and was fine. The workload is extremely heavy in this class with nonstop assignments, but eventually you begin to get efficient at it. The tests, however, are extremely easy and are identical to previous years which are available
I underestimated the class... it was one of the most work intensive classes from my last semester. Be ready to work really really hard and be on top of your things even though I knew some python before coming in
Had no coding exp. but am math-sci guy. HUGE workload, but having old exams (easy to master) made class not too bad. I spent many hours with TAs, but do APTs and cool assignments, GET HELP, and you'll do fine. Lectures mostly tips, not teaching, but try attending. TAs are amazing, helpful. Most find 101 very easy or hard, depends on aptitude for CS
For a humanities major looking for a QS requirement, this was a very difficult class. The homework was never ending; once an assignment was completed after an all-nighter, another one appeared. Lectures didn't really help. It was trial by error, with a ton of error. I got a higher grade than I actually felt like I deserved, thankfully.
Dr. Rodger is a fine and boring person. Her lectures are very dull. I don't think she did a great job in teaching the class, however if you are a math and science person it will likely be an easy A. I came into the class already knowing python, and if you've had prior coding, it will be very easy.
This is a very time-intensive class (101) and there are so many reading quizzes/ assignments. Professor Rodger is very nice and aims to make the class enjoyable. However, I found that I was not able to understand concepts unless I self-studied from the online textbook. I was a bit bored sometimes, too but maybe that's because I didn't put in work.
Rodger really does try to be helpful to her students. There are a lot of resources to do well. What she often lacks is proper organization so that students can find helpful information. Lectures not necessary to attend, but are helpful. Readings necessary. Do the homework and do it well. You'll be fine.
This class was a lot of work, but python is relatively easy and I enjoyed putting in the time to complete assignments. Did not pay attention to a word Susan said, only went to class to fulfill in class participation assignments, just read the super-helpful textbook and passed. Overall pretty good class and the best option to fulfill that QS.
Great teacher!
Sweet lady, but lectures are painful. There is a lot of work in this class, and I honestly don't know how people who didn't go to office hours passed. This class is an easy A if you're a compsci person, but if you're not, it's really difficult.
Lectures are a  bit dry and recap the readings. Lecture slides are posted online but attendance is mandatory. Very assignment heavy class: weekly quizzes, assignments, APTs and labs. Stay on top of workload and you'll be ok - don't procrastinate. Rodger and TAs have lots of office hours and are very willing to help. Definitely take if interested.
Prepare to be lured, swept away, and absolutely enraptured by the arms of sleep. So skip lectures since you won't stay awake anyways.  Prepare to invest time on assignments (harder ones take 5+ hrs). CS101 is polarizing; people find it easy or hard without many in between, so experience it yourself.
Rodger gets a bad rep, but really isn't that bad and 101 is an easy A
Professor Rodger was tried hard to make lectures interactive, but they were boring at times. Lots of work, although not too hard and I learned a lot. Professor Rodger is also just a really nice person, she really wants her students to like Computer Science, and made us cookies and fudge sometimes!
This class is NOT easy - you can get an A, but be prepared to do tons of busy work. Go to office hours w/ TAs religiously. Lectures are pointless - no one pays attention, but there are attendance points. APTS, Assignments, RQ, etc. - tons of assignments, you'll have several hours of work per week. However, I legitimately enjoy coding which is nice.
Professor Rodger is brilliant and quirky, but her class is a pain. I've never taken computer science before so it was very difficult. She teaches Python in 101. I found to give myself 4 days to do an assignment, and 3 days to do an APT, and to do the readings as soon as possible. GO TO HELP HOURS AT NIGHT THE TAs ARE SO HELPFUL.
This class is soooooo easy.  Recommend for anyone who can remotely handle a course that is not in the humanities.
