I also took her for PSYC2111 and she was amazing in both classes. For PSYC1001 attendance is not mandatory and as long as you complete the weekly quizzes and keep up with reading, you'll get an easy A.
Can seem kinda tough at first but is great with extenuating circumstances if you give her advance notice. Computational problems are easy; concepts are easily understood if you go to lecture and talk yourself through what you're doing (textbook is useless but you need it for online quizzes). Use a graphing calculator on exams if you have one!
Diane is super funny, chill and a great teacher! She gives so many opporunities to learn and to get a good grade in her class and her lectures teach you everything you need to know! The tests aren't super hard and she gives you cheat sheets on the third test. The final is open book open note and if you get an A you get an A in the class!
DO NOT take her. She is extremely insensitive. I took AP stats in high school and my high school teacher was better. Got a B in the class, and worked my ass off. With little help from her.
She's a real sarcastic and quirky lady. Which was fine for me but if you're easily offended or upset then Dr. Martichuski might not be the best choice for you. Her sense of humor really lightens the mood. Sometime she says some odd things when she goes off on tangents which is quite often. Class is not mandatory.
If you took psych in high school I definitely recommend not taking this class. All of professor Martichuski's lectures are exactly what are on the outline she gives you, therefore you end up not going to class or not paying attention during class. Mostly only talks abut weed and sex and tests and quizzes are on content we have not learned yet.
Prof Martichuski always made jokes in class and connected the class content to current events of the real world. The midterms were super easy and we barely had any papers assigned. If you came to class and studied at least a little bit, it's an easily passable class.
Dr. Martichuski is extremely insensitive. She treats you like you are an idiot if you don't understand something. She also only has office hours for 40 minutes a week, super rude in email, and made a girl cry in class. The two girls I have class with have failed her class once, and I am fighting to get by so I never have to take her again.
I took gen psych in hs and received an A and then came to college and took it again and barely got a C. She goes off topic all the time and talks about weed all the time or religion. Her test do not reflect anything that we were taught in class or given for practice. Her clicker questions are pretty fair, but not on the test. DO NOT TAKE HER.
For this psych stats class, ATTENDANCE IS A MUST! Professor Martichuski's LA's disagreed with her teaching method and exams so going to help for them this semester was extremely difficult. Get ready to teach yourself.
It seems like she wants you to fail, she's always saying if you didn't do well on so and so you should just drop the class. Not encouraging in the slightest and while she can be funny, she comes off as mean more than anything.
I thought her class was difficult, but overall I understood everything and did just fine.
I loved taking Psych 1000 with Dr. Martichuski. She is so funny and gives really great examples in class. Her tests and quizzes are all online which rocks and if you do the assigned work and come to class, her classes aren't difficult at all. I miss having her as a prof, and would definitely take another class she teaches. Highly recommend.
She sucks get ready to fail if you're bad at math
Diane is awesome! She makes her lectures fun and interesting and even creates note outlines that you can print and take with you to class. But, going to class definitely helps because some of her test questions are on things she said in class that aren't necessarily in the notes. Overall, I loved the class.
20% quizzes, 20% each on 3 exams, 20% final. Offers 10 points of extra credit out of 500 for the class. Doesn't specify what will be on the exam, but you can go to her to defend your answers on exams and SHE WILL GIVE YOU CREDIT BACK.
Loved loved loved her class! Would take again and recommend to anyone
Really good solid professor. Usually reachable via email and if not her TA is quick to respond then she will follow up. I took her online class which was really clearly explained through her lecture slides.  The online textbook was helpful supplemental material. She has tests that make you think, but she prepares you with good study guides &amp; practi
I don't understand why everyone is giving her such negative reviews. Yes you have to read a little (the text book is online and you have the choice to listen) and go to the lectures her amazing humor makes class extremely interesting and it's not hard to pay attention. The tests are also online and open note making her class not very hard.
Class is based on 500 points, if you do bad on one thing you're screwed her lectures don't help if you want to do well you have to spend time on reading the textbook over and over.
