horrible
Candace Vogler is one of the best professors I have ever had. She is brilliant, caring, and a delight to talk to. I can't recommend her classes highly enough.
Mesmerizing.
Professor Vogler created an interesting environment in our Ethics class. It was almost laid back, but at the same time we were all very invested in what she had to say. I did not find her pretentious at all, but a fellow traveler on the road to figuring out "the good."
She is one of the strangest people I know. It's funny since she likes to say that philosophers are weird and bad with human intereactions, well she fits the profile better than anyone else. I found her to be rather unhelpful outside the class.
No Comments
Brilliant. Easily one of the smartest people I've met in Academia or real life. Yes, she is challenging, but I found her very accessible, aprroachable and open.
A bit hard to follow.  Obviously highly intelligent and curious about everything (save conservative values).  Needs to work on being more approachable or will end up like every other brilliant inaccessible prof.
She is like Betty Boop with the mind of Heidegger:  bubbly, goofy, brilliant.  Her lecture style needs help, of course, but she is doing her best, and really does care about teaching.
There are two choices: be her cheerleader and part of her academic coterie, then anything you say or write will be solid gold -OR- express disagreement, or don't worship those she does, and you will be branded "the evil other" and everything you write or say will be rubbish. Suck up to her = A
She was nasty to non-leftists.  The core course was very politicized; the reading list was dominated by Marxists and leftists with few dissenting voices.  Turned a required MAPH writing colloquium into anti-Israel indoctrination, with a flawed history of the conflict and an animus vs. Israel.
This woman was even stupid enough to admit to us that she had only started reading Lacan the year before. Most scholars spend their lives trying to understand him.  Full of hot air (and herself) nonetheless.  Class A dillettante WITHOUT a knowledge of critical theory OR a backbone. ditto re: tenure
Snore...  she was lame
She is incredibly annoying. A total b*. Unless you act like a hip liberal. And laugh at her insipid jokes. I did well in her courses tho. How the hell did she get tenured?
NO! imo, she is arrogant as heck and, worse, subtle at being arrogant. i have consensus from several ppl on that. the "-chuckle/scoff- if you can't see that you're not intellectually hip like me" attitude needs to GO. teach some marx. hated it.
nothing short of brilliant, engaging, charming, challenging, encouraging...she is the ultimate mama bird of critical theory. you will fly!
