Sister Knapp was a really great teacher and her lectures were very interesting and informative. However, if you are taking this as an elective credit, there are WAY easier courses. This class requires a lot of reading and memorization, and I spent a lot of time preparing. Also, be careful on grading because the TA's are looking for specific points.
I really love Sister Knapp, and it is obvious that she loves what she does!!! I learned a lot about the world which I personally think is worth anyone's time. All the assignments and quizzes are pretty straightforward, and my only complaint would be that I feel the tests are harder than necessary.
Sister Knapp is an awesome teacher and I was baffled by how much she knew. Attendance is taken so show up and take good notes. Her tests are based off of what she teaches. It is very difficult to take the right notes and even harder to know how to best be prepared for her tests. No matter how much I knew the material I didn't do well on tests.
Great teacher. Fairly easy class. Just pay attention in class, stay on top of assignments, go to the reviews for the tests and you should be fine.
I really enjoyed This class, even though it did present a challenge for me. Sister Knapp presents geography in ways I had never learned before. Make sure to do your readings and study hard for the test.
hard class, be ready for lots of work. lots of busy work. tests can be more difficult than they need to be. class was for a general and now i am struggling so this class doesn't bring down my GPA.
She is a really kind person and wants to help. I feel like a lot of the stuff we talk about in class though we aren't tested on. we were tested on a lot of small detail kind of things. The tests are pretty hard but if you pay attention in class and do all your readings then you will be fine but it will take a lot of work.
Sister Knapp is a fun, bright and knowledgeable professor. Reading the textbook is recommended but I just went to her lectures and it was fine. There are quizzes about every week and sometimes there are countries you need to know that aren't on the quiz preparation tab. Tests are fine if you pay attention in class and take notes.
Jill Knapp's lectures are a good overview of each world region. It makes me want to dig deeper into each region. The syllabus is accurate and helpful and her online power points are handy for test reviews. I have enjoyed this class!
Tons of reading and you are graded in class for participation and answers to different questions. Professor knapp is a great teacher but there is a lot of material to cover. You have weekly map quizzes for every country and tests are a little bit difficult. Not an easy GE class but I learned so much about geography and the world.
There are frequent map quizzes, but these aren't discussed or mentioned in class until the moment of, so be careful. And she sometimes requires you to watch or read things that are marked as "extra credit". Reading is recommended, but if you just fill out study guides as you go and take good notes you should be fine. Her lectures are okay.
Sister Knapp is a great person! I have loved being in her classroom. She truly cares about each of her students. She makes it so easy to talk to her and work with her. She also really knows her stuff. Its amazing how much you can learn about the world in her class.
If you attend class, take notes, and do the reading you'll be fine. There are small quizzes each week but they are not too hard at all. Sister Knapp is a good teacher though and you can tell that she loves what she does.
Sister Knapp is a great professor and helps us to understand much of the material in the class. However, be on top of readings and map quizzes, since otherwise it can be easy to get behind. Also, class attendance is essential or it won't be easy to pass. Other than that, this class was enjoyable and it expanded my viewpoints on world interactions.
Sister Knapp is great with lectures and relating topics to each other. Work is required for sure, but if you attend and put in the time, you will do well.
This is a class you will look forward to attending every day. You have to attend each day to stay on top of the class, but the Jill Knapp and TA's are amazing so you really enjoy it. There is a lot of reading and A LOT of work involved in this class but it makes you understand the concepts and get rid of paradigms. I highly recommend this class!
Solid class. At times a little boring but she covers a lot of interesting subject matter.
Really great Professor. Not too bad of a class, but difficult if just getting into the feel of college. Loved the entire course and what it was about but it took so much of my time outside of class.
Professor Knapp was one of my favorite professors this semester. She is very passionate about what she's teaching and fair with her grading. What is required of you is always clear, and I feel like there's a lot of time of get what needs to be done, done.
Sister Knapp is just the most caring teacher here at BYU. She really is interested in helping the whole class out and she will drop everything to make sure that you understand the material. I highly recommend taking class from her.
