Allen is GREAT! Her class is really hard if you haven't taken any kind of calc before, but she cares so much about her students and is a really good teacher. Go to her week in reviews and office hours.
Not sure why all these bad reviews are here. I'm not good at math but Dr. Allen is an honest gem, she's SO caring. This is a hard class but she helps you so much. DO THE WIR THEY ARE JUST LIKE THE TEST (difficulty wise, some problems are pulled from there too!!) Office hours saved my life with the class also! TAKE HER SHE'S SO HELPFUL AND KIND! :)
Angela Allen is a great math professor, but this is the hardest class I've ever taken. I've never cried so much over homework. This class took a small part of me with it that I will never get back. I pulled all-nighters for every single test, yet somehow managed to fail 2/3 tests. But with the help of some curving I think I ended up with a B.
Professor Allen is the best professor I've ever had. She truly cares about each one of her students and wants you to get the highest grade possible. I've never been good at math and this class is not the easiest, but she explains everything super clearly and makes calc seem simple. Go to the Week in review sessions and go to class always!
This class was so hard. I understand that it is calculus and it is going to be hard, but I studied my butt off for all exams exactly the way she told us to and used week in reviews and A Plus and still failed the exams miserably. She does calculus "her way" and has her own rules for how you have to solve her problems.
I love Professor Allen. She actually cares about her students and how they do in the class, which you don't see often. If you go to class/office hours you will get a good grade. Don't fall behind because everything builds off of previous information.
She's a really good teacher I just wish I could have more individual attention from her but her office hours are always booked and I can't make it to most of the TA's office hours. I need extra help because I suck at math but she is a good professor and gives extra credit! Make sure to go to class every time though because of the clicker quizzes.
Took her for the summer and thought she did an amazing job explaining a difficult subject. I had a bad prof for Math 141 and as a result I thought this math was much easier. She's very pleasant and if you do the homework and rework the problems from class, the tests aren't that bad
Professor Allen is a great person on the fact that she cares about her students, but her tests are the worst thing you could think of. There is no correlation between her test and the homework. The test is basically concept questions with difficult test questions. She makes the class like a graduate course. DONT TAKE HER
Hardest class I have ever taken. Even more so than anatomy. She was a great professor but she talks way too fast and uses difficult examples to teach us a new topic every time. Lots of weekly homework that does not relate to the exams. She curves 6-12 pts. Still does not help the fact that the class average was a 58% on the second exam. Q dropped!
She is the best math teacher I have had in a LONG time. She is so sweet curves all of the tests and will even round your grade a bit at the end of the semester. The TA's are very helpful with the homework. This is a hard class but as long as you do what she tells you to study &amp; get help when your confused you should be fine.
This lady is SO SWEET and really cares for students. I struggled through this class. I hired a tutor and begged her for help multiple times. This subject is hard in general so you should at least help yourself by taking her. Many people made easy A's, but the subject can be more difficult for non-math people. Tests were harder than the homework.
Hardest class ever. But, She's the best Prof. I've ever had. She's very nice and will be completely honest. She's more of a friend than a professor.
Very sweet professor and makes an effort to get to know the students, yet during class no questions are really asked towards the students. Exams are highly difficult you must study study study study for them. Webassign homework helps, but she suggests reworking class questions as better practice for exams. Final replaces lowest test grade.
Prof. Allen is one of the best profs Ive taken at A&amp;M! Super helpful if you have questions, and works through the material on a step by step basis to help everyone understand. More than willing to help struggling students outside of class. Truly sweet lady who cares deeply about her students. Her summer class can move fast but its very worth it!
I took pre-calculus junior year of high school, so it had literally been 4 years since I'd been exposed to calculus. This class was difficult, but I was in her office hours twice a week which SAVED ME. After curves, I made a C, B, C in order of exam. The curves ranged from 6 to 12 points. Final replaced lowest exam and this saved me bc I made an A!
I found this class to be extremely easy with no calculus background. She curves every test and the tests are honestly not that difficult, just concept heavy. Go to office hours if you need help. Allen is extremely helpful and caring. If you put in time to study, an A is not unheard of.
I love Prof. Allen! She is so nice, but nice doesn't get you the grade. You will have to put in the work. I am pretty good at math but I didn't study like I should have, yikes. Tests were really not that bad you just really have to put in the work. I lived at TA tutoring and study hub tutoring. They help so much with homework and faster than alone.
Dr. Allen is a great professor. She seems to genuinely care about how the students do and is willing to offer a ton of help to improve grades. As long as you print out the lecture notes, show up, and do the homework, you'll walk away with at least a B. The final was very fair and replaced the lowest of the 3 exam grades.
I typically do well in math classes. This class was harder than previous I've taken at A&amp;M, but I assumed it would be since it's calculus. Allen's tests are concept heavy, but she tells you before the test what to be prepared for and is very, very generous with extra credit. If you have the option to take her, I recommend it.
