I enjoyed Brenda's class much more than I expected to! She's one of the most engaged professors I've ever had for an online class. While the concepts were a bit elementary, I still found myself learning A LOT in this class that can be applied to real life. The homework can be time consuming, but it was also fun and interesting so not too bad.
Brenda was amazing!! I took her for BA385 business environment and learned so much! She is passionate and truly cares about her students. I would highly recommend taking a class with her!
Brenda is a fantastic professor and really cares about her students. Class is mainly midterm(20%), final(20%), daily quizzes(36%), 4 cases(hw: 20%) discussions( 4%) Need to show up each class for the quizzes, but very easy class. Gives extra credit chances, and goes above and beyond to help you in class, and life. Take her!!
Brenda is a great professor. Need to show up for daily quizzes which are 36% of grade but easy. Midterm and final are both 20% of grade, 4 cases 20% also, discussions are 4%. She really knows her material and its all relevant. My only negative is she is very liberal, pushes agenda a little far for me. But if you show up and try, its an easy class
Brenda is not a good college professor. Her teaching style would be better fit for freshman in HIGH SCHOOL. She gives daily quizzes and you get a point for writing your name. She spends the entire class preaching her personal opinions and spends little to no time on the slides. GOOD LUCK taking notes. If you don't follow directions you fail
On the final the hand written case MUST conform to her word count specifications. She spends 90% of class lectures about her personal opinions in 10% teaching. Extra credit may not be fully available to everyone or possible for those with busy schedules. Refuses to adjust teaching if students are confused. Office hours limited and inconvenient.
Meant for Freshman students. She makes you complete assignments according to her standards for full credit which is not helpful at all. You re-write your entire resume to fit her template, and MUST come up with like 12 financial goals (even if they absolutely do not apply to you or you don't have that many) to get full credit.
As a finance major, the course felt very elementary in my opinion. I felt like the instructor wasn't as personable as she could have been. Everything was generalized towards a naive student audience. If you're a more mature adult returning back to school and already have credit cards and know about interest and stuff, this class will be a breeze.
Brenda is a solid teacher. Cares about what she teaches, has a huge emphasis on class participation, and allows us to discuss controversial topics in current events that are unethical.
Course covers old cases and I don't see that she has experience in presenting real cases. The professor doesn't know about foreign businesses when she brings examples. Be ready for taking quizzes, tough grader, and reading other materials.
Clear agenda for course. Read the textbook and prep for weekly quizzes. Participate in class. 3 cases, one MT, one final. Great lectures. Cares for students so much. If you are stuck as her for help and she will happily help. Learned so much. Great class.
Brenda is hands down the best instructor I have ever had. Class structure is very clear and you must attend and engage in lectures to do well. She understands how to tie concepts from material to every area of real life and truly wants to see her students succeed. She'll go the extra mile with you. You will invest in your future with this class.
She lacks respect for students and treats you like a 5 year old. Her instructions do not match between d2l, the assignment itself or a rubric so it's a wild guess. She speeds through lectures and then gives you a quiz at the end like you retained anything she said in the last five minutes. So read the 30pg chapters every day and you might be okay.
An Ok teacher, but a little condescending. Seems to think that her students are freshmen and treats everyone that way.
People are very divided on Brenda, but I adored her teaching. She is an amazing person with so much experience to share. If you are a good student and put in effort, you will be recognized and rewarded for it. There is a lot of work, BUT it is designed with a purpose in mind. Trust in Brenda, she knows what she's doing!
Brenda is an amazing and a caring professor. The debates and cases is my favorite part of the class. If you attend all her classes, engage in class, and follow her guidelines, you will do well.
Homework must be handed in in-person, not through email - if turned in after class starts, there will be a point deducted; following break it will not be accepted. Team case debate didn't have 100% clear instructions and she adds rules after the fact. You spend more time watching debates over cases than learning the material that you get tested on.
I really enjoyed this class. It seemed to be one of the more useful business core classes. I really liked Brenda, she had the class very well organized and I would love if other classes I still have to take would be offered by her.
The key facters I like, is she was very clear on what she wanted. What she wanted ,is you to see all sides of a issue and to understand the issue from all sides not just one side!  She help you  be a better person and stakeholder! I would say for 385 class she  hit mark and goes past it!!!
Brenda is one of my least favorite professors at PSU. She is unorganized and unclear. Grading is harsh and assignments aren't fully described. At the beginning of the term she said she welcomes questions and clarity, however when a student asks a question she is disrespectful and makes other people answer it. I don't recommend her.
