Dr. Massiah is such an amazing professor and human. She has a passion for teaching and will go out of her way for her students. She provides study guides which are exactly like the exam. She gives at least 2 extra credit opportunities in the semester. Her lectures are funny and entertaining. Important to watch the lectures online prior to exam.
Dr. Massiah is the best professor I've ever had. She brings so much energy to her lecture and is so passionate about marketing. Shes extremely interesting to listen to and I always enjoy her lectures. Tests are half multiple choice and half written responses. The marketing sim you do in class is really cool and an easy grade.
Ended the class one point away from an A but wouldn't bump it up. You are able to skip one of the tests and make it up the week before finals which was a blessing. Gives a good amount of extra credit. Also took this class as a reduced seat time class.. there's no way around that, it sucks but Massiah makes it tolerable w her online lecture videos.
Great caring professor. She is so sweet and she sets you up for success. Gives a lot of extra credit. If you miss class for a legitimate reason she awards you the points. loved her video lectures also. Exams cover what is in the videos and book.
I was not a fan of the Reduced Seating Classroom set, however Dr. Massiah was EXTREMELY helpful to her students. Her course is well organized and she is genuinely caring for her hundreds of students. This does not mean you can slack in the course and get an easy A. Her due dates are more than fair and her exams have concrete Exam Reviews.
She makes the class enjoyable. The only difficulty is the amount of homework, but there is ample time to complete it. Even in the REAL format she makes the class easy. The in-class assignments aren't the best, but in the long run don't affect your grade. If you pay attention you'll do fine, for a lot of my classmates that was too much to ask.
She's an amazing professor, very organized, understanding, and wants her students to succeed. You have assignments due weekly and five exams. You need a 93% to get an A, but she has many extra credit opportunities. Do your work on time, study for the exams and an A is very doable. Wish I could take her again.
Dr. Massiah is hands down the best professor Ive had at UCF. I have so much respect for her as a professor and a human - she cares so much about marketing and her students and she makes everyone feel welcome in her class. She has certainly left her mark on my college experience and I would take this class 100 times over if I could.
This class isn't so bad.. But I would recommend for those who want to make an A to not take this class over the summer...
Great Professor! Amazing lectures. Homework is easy and doesn't take long to do, tests are very similar to practice tests she provides.
Easy class, pretty straight forward exams as long as you do your LearnSmart study materials properly! Be careful about not doing homework assignments because they will bring your grade down significantly if you fail to do some! Overall a ver kind and understanding woman who is VERY passionate about Marketing!
This class was so simple and easy. The book helps a lot for exams, but use LearnSmart to study! Her tests are easy if you study hard, but can be hard if you are not well prepared. Classes were fine, sometimes she just uses the time to promote different organizations which was a waste but overall a good easy class.
one of the best 100%. I would defiantly take it again. so much respect for this women.
This professor know how to teach class, she makes lecture very interesting. she gives out lots of extra credits. There's should not be a problem getting A in this class. very respected professor class.
Lets just say I wish Dr. Massiah taught all of my classes. Shes an absolutely amazing teacher and human. Im very sad I wont be taking another class with her because Im an Accounting major. There is plenty of opportunity for extra credit, do the homework, use the test study guides she gives you, and its an easy A.
Massiah is an amazing professor. There are 5 tests, all multiple choice and each one has extra credit on it. Watch her lectures, read the book, do the homework/quizzes, and do the practice exam over and over until you understand. She gives TONS of extra credit, probably because a 93+ is an A, but it is possible to get with a little bit of effort.
Dr. Massiah is one of those professors that is truly special because she is so enthusiastic about her own material. She genuinely loves marketing and it makes her class that much easier. The 5 tests are nothing if you watch the lectures and there's even extra credit if you need it. If you have the chance, absolutely take her!
Massiah's great! It takes a lot to keep a class invested when 90% of them are watching you at home in their jammies, but she does it. You don't really need to read the book but you do have to buy it for homework assignments. Assignments are easy but frequent. Tests are deceptively difficult, and there are a lot of them.
In short, Dr. Massiah is one of the best professors I've ever taken. She genuinely cares about her students and is incredibly supportive. She tends to give inspirational speeches and periodic "real talks" in class. Her class is also not hard and her lectures are absolutely worth going to in person.
Professor was fair with exams. Read the text book, complete all assignments, do the practice exams over and over, watch the lectures for bonus questions and you will pass.
