Dr. Carr can be a teensy brash at times but you can tell she really wanted people to learn the material and find it interesting; she genuinely tried to incorporate feedback. She did race through some lectures but only because so much material to cover. Hard class but learned SO much and get a notecard for exams. Textbooks helpful but not necessary.
Best Professor i've ever had!!
Bad. The exams are based exactly from the lectures she wrote herself (not the book), because that's how full of herself she is. Students have been trying to get rid of her for years but somehow she's still there. Tough grader because she isn't a Harvard professor but a contracted ad-junk professor with something to prove; grading quality suffers.
Her powerpoints are full of grammatical and spelling errors. Also you will need to go to lecture because her powerpoints list terms to know but she only verbally explains what you need to know. She also talks to much about her kids and family...
Laziest professor ever, easy to get a good grade
Shes horrible
Despite getting an A in this class the tests were quite difficult. The material itself inst difficult but Prof. Carr's lectures are horrendous. There is no introduction to  any of the material and the important slides are often rushed. Go to class having pre-read the lectures and textbook. She flies through material. Poor communication.
Dr. Carr is great! Her course is very well structured and the material is clear with her power point study guides. I usually *hate* watching lecture videos, but I have really enjoyed watching her lectures from home. Other people complain about her  personal anecdotes, but I have found them useful in remembering the class material.
Professor Carr's lectures are extremely long. Her tests are based off what she says in lecture and what is on the PowerPoint slides. The PowerPoints can be anywhere from 50-100+ slides. She has not given any study guides for tests. Many of the open response questions on tests were not about topics discussed in class.
The class itself was easy. You get a notecard on tests and the material is not very challenging. The final was a bit of a curveball though. She is a very lazy teacher though. Each in-class assignment took up 10-20 minutes and could have been completed in less time. She's also unwilling to admit when she might be wrong about a grade or was unclear.
Professor Carr is condescending in her interactions with students. She seems annoyed when you ask a questions or to be more specific.  Lecture is basically her reading the slides  aloud and telling personal stories. Not very approachable or helpful (when approached). Her exams are extremely long. You would be better off taking the class elsewhere.
I took both semesters of A+P in 2015. It is clear that Dr. Carr had read past course evaluations and actively tries to improve her class based on previous student's feedback. I think that her class is now more fair and engaging than it sounds like it was in the past. No textbook reading is required and it is definitely possible to get a good grade.
I felt I could have learned all the material myself, and probably to a better degree while also enjoying it more, by just reading the textbook instead of going to lecture (which are mandatory). Lectures were not helpful, tests sometimes felt like they bad material not taught (i.e. mentioned once in lecture), professor's not very approachable...
This class was a requirement for a nursing program... I would have dropped it if I could. Rambling class lectures, information dumps, massive amounts of readingmemorization, and terrible study guides. Dreading the next semester. :( Typically an A-B+ kind of student, looks like a C for this one.
Worst teacher I've had; doesn't seem to know her material very well, rushes through slides then babbles about irrelevant personal issues--like what she was eating when her water broke. Many typos on all slides. Can't answer a question if it's not already on her slides--which she mostly only reads rapidly over. Answer keys on exams full of mistakes.
This class has the potential to be so interesting and fun, but the professor is condescending, rude, and frankly whiny. She doesn't even seem to enjoy teaching and her assignments range from extremely fair, to out of left field. Definitely possible to get a good grade, but I don't feel like I learned anything and came out with a headache.
Does not care about fostering learning among her students. Is rude on a personal level, and is unclear with assignment instructions. Worst professor I've ever had.
Do not take this course. Exams consist of questions with vague requirements shes outlined in her head. Don't bother asking her to clarify her grading because you can't argue with illogical reasoning. One of the worst teachers I've ever had the misfortune of crossing.
terrible professor. Doesn't care at all about the class. Typos in quizzes and exams. Don't bother signing up, you can get a better education elsewhere.
This was one of the worst classes I've ever taken. The lectures were just her reading slides instead of explaining the topic and the TAs were next to useless. The textbook is created specifically for the class so you can't buy it online, or even sell it back at the end. Unless you already know all the material you're going to have a very hard time
