Lab reports were tedious. Doing well on lab reports can be challenging. Look them over carefully. My group did well on presentations. For exams, watch her review lectures, do all practice exams, and go to GSI office hours to completely understand questions you missed and exams will be easy. Her lectures were helpful to me.
The class is hard if you get a bad group/bad GSI but Nancy is actually fine. She held helpful reviews before the exam and put up a ton of practice tests that end up being 90% of the actual test.
Listening to Nancy's voice in lecture is comparable to having your fingernails pulled out one by one. The GSIs grade incredibly harsh and if your lab group isn't bright and organized, you're screwed. If you don't have to take this course, avoid it at all costs.
A lot of work for a pointless class. If you take this class, pray that you get a decent lab group. Do all the practice exams, otherwise the hourly exams will shred you.
Her grading/extra credit system is awful. The GSIs are unnecessarily harsh and get in trouble if they're too nice, and often are not helpful. The lab manual (written by her) is often misleading and contains many typos. This class is ridiculous and I feel that we deserve more than 2 credits for all the work we put in.
This class was incredibly difficult. Nancy Kerner was not helpful at all, and the GSIs are useless; they can't tell you anything, and they mark you down hugely for small mistakes &amp; sometimes for no reason other than that the class average must be at a certain percent (if you ask what you did wrong, they don't respond). To do well, ace your exams.
The lectures are helpful for knowing what to do in the lab, though the extra credit for the class is unfairly given. The lab manual is confusing.
I got very close to a hundred percent on both exams, and I did not receive an A in the class.  This class is trivial and useless.
Kerner helps with nothing. The labs don't relate to the lectures at all. If you're not confident with chemistry, go to lecture to get the extra credit, but other than that it's pretty useless.
Chem 125 is a miserable class. Kerner is knowledgeable and seems reasonably nice, but lectures are boring and useless when it comes to lab. You have no real guidance in lab (GSIs aren't allowed to tell you much) and you put in way more work than the two credits are worth. The lab reports are graded extremely harshly.
Very technical and not very clear.
After the first week you realize she doesnt help with anything so I just stopped going to her lecture
Terrible professor. Labs have no correlation and she is rude when answering your questions. Advice: Her past exams are identical to her exams.
The class is almost more work than the Chemistry 130 portion of gen chem, and is only worth 2 credits. Definitely not worth my time. Too bad it is mandatory.
Nancy Kerner seems monotonous only if you sit in the back. In the front row, she is sassy and funny and a great professor. You just have to pay attention.
One of the worst professors I've had so far. This course is ruined so much by her. The labs have no correlation to the exams at all. Basically you do the labs just to do them and for the exam, you learn everything on your own through trends on practice exams. Nothing is learned from this class, you just memorize. Completely useless class
Worst lab ever with a boring monotone teacher. The lectures are not mandatory or useful, unless you are a chem major then maybe they are. The class focuses on teaching you 3-5 rules that are results of your experiments and to ace the exam one simple needs to memorize those rules. Lectures are long winded ways of explaining them, so no need to go
Pretty boring and dry professor, but seems like a nice person
Her lectures were not helpful what so ever. I went to only one all semester and passed the class with ease. She talks like a robot and it's not worth going to her lecture.
Overall, Chem 125 can be a pain because of all the group work involved. As a professor, Kerner isn't as bad as everyone makes her out to be. While her lectures are very boring, they are also very clear. Labs are very, very difficult to perform/understand without them. If you go to lecture and use the practice exams, you should get a good grade.
