She is wonderful at teaching the material, giving us every single edge we can, i.e. teaching us the easy calculator solution before the full algebraic solution. But the content is still quite hard. She puts on a very hostile attitude. Visit her office hours and you will see that she is quite nice, just stern. Quizes every class period, lots of HW.
The lectures aren't that interesting, but overall this is a good class. You can use your notes on all the tests, but the tests are difficult. There are 2 exams, 2-30 minutes presentations, and homework checks randomly. As long as you do what you're supposed to and study a little, you can pass this class.
Moves quickly through the material. If you don't show up you won't pass. Do the homework and you should understand the material.
She does not care about you unless you have an advanced understand of Calculus. Does not give extra credit does not curve does not help students who are struggling.
Dr. Grant is a great teacher. Lectures are fast-paced and require your full attention, but just like almost every other thing in life, you will do well if you pay attention, put in the work, and show up. She explains everything clearly . There is a 2-question quiz at the end of every class and get ready to SHOW YOUR WORK ON THE TESTS!
Had a hard time getting through the class and it was difficult to get help especially since she brushed it off as if I didn't matter. Very fast paced class and if you miss even a single day you will more than likely fail the tests. She does a good job teaching but good luck trying to get help from her.
Great teacher, explains things well, but don't zone out for a second because you will be lost for the rest of the lecture. Each class ends with a two question quiz and if you even get one wrong you'll get a failing grade.
Dr. Grant is an amazing professor. If you don't care, your grade will show it. People who show up late will not get sympathy. She is easy to follow and understand, and asks if everyone understands. She always stays on track, and no time is ever wasted. You will definitely be forced to learn, because otherwise you will fail quick.
Awful teacher. Does not explain concepts concretely. Avoid taking her
The daily quizzes she gives will KILL your grade, especially if you dont get the concept immediately. A weekly quiz would be fine, but one every single day? Ridiculous.
She is a strict but good teacher. Attendance is necessary to pass because the material is hard to understand if you don't attend lectures. Don't expect above a B in the class unless you have a good foundation for calculus or you are willing to put the time into the class.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS (although hard to because she teaches most of cal 1 &amp; 2 classes). Grade consists of only 4 tests and a final. Material is not hard, but tests are nothing like review or material gone over. There is no hope for this class. A lot of people fail.
As a teacher she is fine, however the grading format is horrendous. There are four tests and a final, hence there is no chance to learn which topics you're weak on beforehand. After the test the topic is not touched on until the final. This is a flawed system. Calculus is simple, but with this grading format it gives no time to PRACTICE weak areas.
She is rude to say the least. She grades very hard on her tests. She no longer use the onine assignments program so the only grades are the 4 tests and final. Good luck on those. She dont like going into debt when you ask further questions she will just say" well thats just algebra. "
no word to explain her...
She is not really good at explaining things.
She is a mean, hateful teacher.  Very unapproachable.  I wouldn't even dare take a college algebra class with her.
No Help what so ever. Good luck if you have her.
Do your homeworks early and you'll get good grades. Classworks, Quizzes, and Tests are straight from the homeworks. 30 minutes before class ends, you are asked to complete some online problems that's graded so be sure to study beforehand. DON'T be late on final exam day. Everything is online, do the works and you'll pass.
She doesn't want to help you at all. Bestablished thing I can say about her is her class is well laid out and her work is easy if you know what to do. I was in AP calculus in high school and even she made me mad!!!! She always starts answering question with "you should have learned this in high schoo." I never dared to ask her a question.
