Irina is a really bad lecturer, constantly gets way off topic. She is very arrogant and looks down at you. Classes are a big waste time, not engaging and not interesting. I am very surprised to see some positive reviews of Irina's work. I have a poor opinion of this class, low quality classes.
Everyone who has taken Irina's class absolutely adores her. If you don't love Irina, you haven't taken her class. Her classes are engaging, her workload is manageable, and you learn a lot. She is more than happy to help with anything and will work to find a time that works for you.
Irina's class is really engaging and she is very helpful in and outside of class. She really cares about all of her students. I don't understand how her rating isn't 5/5. EVERYONE should take her class!
Irina is the best professor of all time! She cares about her students so deeply. She is beyond knowledgable about all of her subjects and it shows. Irina is the most helpful professor. She makes sure she is very accessible outside of class for all of her students. She is a clear grader and she is so engaging. She inspires everyone she teaches!
Irina is not a caring professor at all. She didn't strike me as being knowledgeable either. When she doesn't know how to answer your question she would answer anyway, even if it's incorrect. It wasn't helpful. She can be arrogant and abrasive too.
Irina is the type of professor who will move heaven and earth in order to make you feel supported and ensure that you learn the material, even outside of class. She's a fantastic professor who generally makes her subject matter very clear, however. She brings an infectious positive energy to every class and fosters a positive learning environment.
Irina is one of my favorite people on the planet! Her class was approachable, and she saw I was struggling and actively tried to help me succeed and understand what she was saying. She genuinely CARES about her students. Yes, there is work, but that is to be expected in a class that focuses on language proficiency
Irina seems to want her students to learn and truly understand the course material. I learned an incredible amount in her class and felt inspired to continue learning Russian. She always opened her door to students who needed any help with work. Irina always came to class prepared to teach and answer questions. She the bomb and helllaa smart
She talks down to you. She's self-righteous, unyielding  to reason. I did okay in that class, but didn't want to take any more classes with this teacher again. Not so great!
Irina is not my kind of instructor. She doesn't explain things well and although she likes to give you a big smile and tries to be funny, you see she's a disciplinarian when you work with her long enough. Strict and can be abrasive.
Irina expects a lot from her students, but it is clear that she is always there to help. She's always positive and in a good mood and comes to class no matter what. You will have to work in her class, but you will learn so much.
I really like how Irina incorporates various materials, often poetry and movies, to accentuate what we're learning and to provide some cultural context. She's always happy to answer any questions. The only downside of her classes is if you're taking more than one class with her she often schedules all her tests in the same week.
It is evident that Irina cares about her students. She is very personable and knowing that she wants you to succeed, makes you work harder.   She keeps class interesting by utilizing different different materials (clips/poems/films). Her great sense of humor makes class a joy.  The work load comes in waves and a little, then a lot.
Overly confident. She didn't address grammar that well. If you don't get her answer to your question, she doesn't explain it any other way and thinks most of the things are elementary. She always speaks like she knows it all.
Irina is a new instructor. She grew up in the Soviet Union, but her English is very good. I wouldn't recommend her for an everyday class. She has a different teaching style and can be overbearing. Although she's nice, her voice was in my head 247.
