I took it online and had to use ProctorU which is where someone watches you take your test. I didn't think it'd be that bad BUT it always took FOREVER to set up my test which is so annoying sitting waiting on proctor to help you. Also she assigned so much unnecessary work it was ridiculous especially for a class for non science majors to take.
She knows her Biology, for sure, however be careful. Her tests can be especially brutal, and as I took it online, it requires you use a proctoring service on your computer. She does offer extra credit. Do it, you'll need it for the test. It is a very work-heavy course, however the program used as the text book is pretty great.
Warning!!  This teacher is cell phone crazy, I mean she hates them.  Don't push her crazy button, and you will really enjoy the class, she is very kind and very helpful despite her natural serious sounding tone.
Out of the four professors teaching this course she was definitely the best. She wanted the class to understand rather than just get through the material. Her material also wasn't too hard. She very attractive haha
Take Dr. Sorin, if you have the opportunity don't pass it up.  Dr. Sorin wants everyone in her class to succeed.  She encourages students to ask questions.  She makes you think and respects your opinions and beliefs.  The way she organizes her class is very effective- two in class tests and a final.  You gain bonus points by coming to class.
Shes is super funny and sarcastic. She helps relate biology to the new generation of students. But is very serious about her class and you learning. I LOVE her so much she is one of the best professors I had at the University of Memphis. Be There  and be on time and have that phone out of site!
I LOVED her! She is sarcastic and funny, yet also very serious and passionate about teaching you correctly. She knows it is not your major but caters to what non-majors are interested in. I recommend her to anyone who is willing to work, but also interested in looking forward to class.
The class was taught by 4 professors. Dr. Sorin interacts with ALL students, demands participation, and is as much focused on you and visa versa. She brings extra material in conversation that offers more conceptualization over the topics that she is covering in class. Very interactive and fun lectures. Pat attention, and come to class prepared.
Dr. Sorin isn't that bad. I am just not into biology so I found this class a little on the tough side.  You have to really study for the tests (they are super hard) and do the homework on time. She does give quite a bit of extra credit which has pretty much saved my grade.
Mandatory attendance policy. HW is all online but she does give bonus points that go towards the test. Not an easy class, but if you do your HW and study you should be fine.
Took Professor Sorin back in 2010. She was great, good lectures considering I wasn't a major. She wanted people to pass. Gave extra credit.
Yes, she has AMAZING thought provoking lectures, but she has a demanding personality which can make me see how people feel belittled if they're not on her level of knowledge. Doesn't realize that not everyone is a bio major. Tests have a LOT of content to cover. Book is needed.  Clickers are needed. Understanding is needed rather than memorization.
She is very passionate in teaching Biology. She is not easy though. I hope I pass because her class is taking up too much time.
I enjoyed Dr. Sorin's class. She has a wealth of knowledge and does pretty well to get it to you. Her tests definitely aren't "easy" but she gives so many oppurtunities for extra credit that if you put in a little effort and show up to class you'll be fine. On average I had 15 extra points on tests. She takes up cell phones. Dont sit at the front.
Dr. Sorin is by far one of the best professors I have ever had. I did not even like biology, before taking her class; now, I want to change my major! Participation is from answering in-class response questions. I never used the book- EVER! And I have been making high A's on everything. She offers a lot of extra credit. Exams just involve studying.
She was very easy to listen to although the phone policy sucks
I went in not expecting to do much because I heard that it was easy, but I had to put in SOME effort (more than expected).  I made A-'s and B+ on the tests. Advice: Do all of the extra credit if possible. Your final grade can go from a B to an A. It's that serious.
Decent class but she is SO not reasonable. Cuts you off when you try to talk, and DON"T ask for help and don't try to find her for office meeting. She is NEVER available. I left messages on her voice mail never got a call back. I tried to talk to her after class about something I didn't understand she TOTALLY made me feel stupid
Dr. Sorin is by far the best professor I've ever had in my life. She made Biology SO interesting! She relates everything to real life. I've never been interested in Biology until I took this class! Tons of bonus points if you show up, really boosts the grade. I would recommend her to everyone. I wish she taught more classes than Intro to Biology.
She is a fabulous teacher. Makes biology extremely fascinating for non-majors. Obviously slightly liberal but very realistic with things (we talked about AIDs, cancer, and stem cell research in class). Also disproved dumb rumors during class (abortions don't ruin your system when legal- keep that legal!)
