Sweetest woman in the world! Her lectures were okay, attendance is not mandatory but it helps to listen. Recitation definitely taught more than lecture. She puts up plenty resources to do well on tests, the exams have the exact types of problems in the practice exams and quizzes. If you still feel shaky, do the homework.
Super nice, but quickly blows through lectures, and posts the notes online after class. After the first 4 weeks, I stopped showing up every single day because I actually learned more from my TA during recitation than I did in lecture.
As far as math goes, this prof is actually pretty great. I have trouble paying attention in math and enjoying professors, but she does a really good job teaching what she does, despite the dry subject matter.
What a woman. She is hilarious and a great lecturer. I'm not the best at math and she made 1150 a lot easier for me
I had to drop this class initially and she was WAY better than my previous guy. She organizes her notes in a way that clearly outlines different examples and she knows what she's doing. Really listen to her tips and tricks!!! This is a difficult class so make sure you are doing the PRACTICE WORKSHEETS and PRACTICE EXAMS!!!
Great lecture style- gave info in easy-to-understand pieces and did example problems solved during lecture. Receptive to questions during lecture. Class is hard (taylor series) but she/math dept. made sure to give us a list of things to know for test. Prof. also gave a self-made guide before exams in addition to study guide given by the department.
Nice lady, but blows through lecture material like you already know it, and then immediately posts the notes online. Total waste of time going to lecture when Khan Academy videos teach the material, and you have a recitation.
Didn't go to lecture--she just posted all the lecture notes on Carmen and I wrote them down and studied them from there. Nice lady, did not find lecture very useful. Found that many people had the same experience, but I still recommend going the first few weeks to see for yourself.
Dr. Aboughazi was very prepared and on schedule. She cared about her students and always finished material on time. If you do all of the practice problems and practice midterms you will do okay on exams. The first exam is hard, second easy, third medium and the final is hard.
Dr. Aboughazi is a charming woman who lectures well. She is good at breaking things down and always put the abstract concepts in understandable context. She is fairly easy-going, and likes to joke around a bit. She also has an accent but it never once got in the way of my understanding. I like math, so I may be biased, but her course was enjoyable.
Dr. Aboughazi clearly cares about math and does her best to explain things well, but lectures became pointless. Her notes are posted online and she just explains them in her lectures. If you have questions, feel free to go to the lectures, but recitation is more beneficial.
She seemed nice enough but I found her lectures unclear and unorganized. The book problems helped me prep for the tests but the quizzes were killer because the questions always seemed to be way out of left field. Maybe it's because I had a bad TA, but with this class I had to do a lot on my own.
She is a great prof. She's very accommodating and her teaching style is organized.
I can't understand what is she talking about during classes. I attended most classes before midterm 2, but I gave up because of her. She doesn't write anything during class but uses her previous lecture notes. Although she uploaded her notes on Carmen, it still be difficult to get an A.
It is very hard to understand what she is saying.  Even so, she seems to typically find the most complicated way to solve an equation. Recitation is important and where you'll learn the most.
Unorganized, hard to follow and understand. Did not prepare students well for quizzes.
Sometimes has no idea what she is even talking about, gets sidetracked very easily and although her accent is not hard to understand it caused some confusion when she is explaining things. However the way the class is set up you have some help with the grades, but the tests are heavily weighted and very hard.
Dr. Aboughazi was a wonderful and quirky Math 1150 professor. She does have an accent but it's really easy to understand. She is knowledgeable about the material and was very good at explaining everything.  Not too difficult because there are clear things you can do to help yourself understand the material. I suggest doing book problems.
She is constantly trying to get people involved with the lecture, by asking questions. She has an accent, but is very easy to understand. She is a sort of motherly figure, and is very knowledgeable. I never absolutely dreaded attending. Definitely attend lecture, it will help immensely.
Professor Aboughazi knows what she's doing. She has an accent which took a little getting used to but not hard to understand. She's always more than willing to answer questions if you contact her. Really a sweet lady if you get to know her too! Do the review problems on the course page and thats basically the exams.
