Patti is a phenomenal sociologist, but her classes aren't for the lazy. Deviancy in US Society was a hard class, especially exams, but if you read the book and take notes in lecture, it's passable. The TA's and ATA's are a valuable resource. Patti isn't that helpful, but that's what the TA's are for. Doing well in recitation helps a lot on exams.
Rude and stupid hard tests. Not a nice person.
Definitely not an easy class, but you get a giant note card for very test to reference. Go to class, take notes, and put all your notes on the note card. I never actually studied, but i always made the notecard, and always did fine on the test. Also always do the homework. It comes in handy later.
terrible teacher
Avoid Adler at all costs. Her class is incredibly hard to follow, her power points provide no info, and the book is very hard to understand and read. Her exams and grading are also in some weird format that has to be perfect or you lose points on the test.
If you are dedicated to working hard in this class, you will do well.  Not for lazy people looking for an easy A.
Patti is an incredibly intelligent and outgoing person, and an amazing professor. Her stories are entertaining and this was one class I actually looked forward to going to!
I had the honor of taking Deviance in US Society. Using her real world research studies brings to life real &amp; honest issues. Some of the subject topics may be non-standard. That which makes us uncomfortable isn't something to be afraid of or to be shunned from the classroom. These types of discussions allow people &amp; societies to grow &amp; progress.
Easily the realest, most interesting class I've ever taken. Patti is a fantastic professor and is very engaging. Lecture was always very funny and it was not a chore to attend like some are.
This was one of my favorite classes its sad how the university no longer values academic freedom among their staff and forced her into retirement.
Patti was one of the best teachers I've ever had! Her classes are captivating and interesting to listen to! It's unfortunate that the university has decided to part ways with her though. She was a really great teacher who knew her stuff!
This is Patti's favorite class and is extremely passionate about it. I never got bored in lecture, but it easy to get distracted in a 500 student lecture. Lecture slides consist of 50% of tests, textbook lists make up the other 50%. Read the textbook, make an organized test note card, and go to recitation to do well!
SUCH an interesting class! All we talk about is prostitutes and drugs. Patti is a great teacher- she's very funny and relatable. As long as you read and go to lecture, you will pass. Take Kathryn as your TA- she is so passionate and informative.
If you go to class, make a good notecard for the tests, and do all of the reading lists from the textbook there is no way you won't do well in this class, you just have to try and pay attention and be good at applying knowledge because the tests aren't multiple choice.
Very interesting class. However, you need to understand the test format and what they are asking to do well.  Your notecard is your life saver.  Patti is a wonderful professor, but don't skip this class.  It is not that hard to get an A in the class, just make sure your notecard is thorough and write super small.
Patti is so awesome! Her class is truly interesting and she is quite a character herself. This is a tough course especially for students used to being tested by multiple choice exams.  She uses a short response and essay format for her exams which requires students to truly understand the material in order to succeed. An A is totally possible!
Patti has been my favorite professor at the University of Colorado. She has a great way of making the class very interesting. I found the class fairly easy because of how interesting it was.
Before taking this class I was mostly uninterested in studying Sociology. This class was a game-changer for me. I absolutely loved this class and found everything discussed interesting and applicable to the real world. Every student at CU should take this class!
I had Patti for Deviance which is an amazing class! I thought it would just be another boring core class but i loved it! Patti is hilarious and you learn a lot of really cool information. Take this class if you can! You wont regret it and you'll have an awesome time laughing every time you're in her lecture! I loved Patti's class!
Professor Adler is great! She is very knowledgeable and always keeps lecture interesting (you will NOT be bored.) She is really understanding and helpful. This class is a must take!!
