I recommend if you actually want to do well and know the material do NOT take this professor. This is a heavy do it yourself type of class and no homework just heavy lectures/exams.
Rambling excessive talking makes understanding simple concepts difficult. Constantly behind her teaching schedule so we are left to teach stuff on our own for tests. tests are exceptionally difficult and her powerpoints do not prepare you for them. You might as well teach yourself the information. Definitely do not take her.
Reads off the slides a lot of times and she does not explain well.
Not good
Horrible. Can't teach at all and reads directly off the slides. Don't be fooled by others that she's easier than other professors. She's the most difficult.
The slides and textbook for this class are pretty dry, but Dr Fondufe is so animated and passionate that she makes it (at least fairly) interesting. Very nice and caring, definitely recommend to get through upper level bio classes.
She's amazing. Take her!! Her exams are easy because she gives study guides that are really similar to the tests. She also posts her powerpoints that are word for word just like the textbook, so don't bother buying it. She makes her lectures fun and tolerable, and she's really easy going. Take her if you are given the chance!
Such a sweetheart. All lectures are read directly off the powerpoint, so attendance is not mandatory. YOU HAVE TO STUDY. Study guides are incredibly long but success in the class is based entirely on how well you know test content.
She is definitely passionate about biology as you can tell by her lectures. The homework on Sapling is very easy to get an A on and she gives you plenty of time to complete them. Her exams are based off of her powerpoints so attendance isn't mandatory. She will answer any questions you may have during the lecture.
Mason is blessed to have Dr. Fondufe. She is so knowledgeable and passionate about bio. She will provide students with amazing notes and study guides. Replies to email within few hours. She has respect for all her students. Just make sure to study the powerpoint notes and you will ace her exam. I would take her again.
Dr. Fondufe is an amazing professor. Bio is hard. You get what you put it. She will provide you with amazing notes. Dont even bother buying the textbook. Everything is from the PowerPoint. She will always give 1-3 points as a curve and extra credit on every test. Everything on final is from old tests. She is caring and always have a +ve attitude.
Fondufe has a slight accent but its still very easy to understand her. The lectures were really interesting and she sometimes included questions from the exam on the slides. She also has additional online homework that will help you learn the material.
This class was a 100 level class. I was shocked by how much work and effort I had to put into this class. I spent a lot of time studying for this class. There are four exams and all are pretty tough. If you are not a biology major I would recommend not to take her. Overall, I struggled in this class.
She's a great person and is obviously very passionate about biology. The class is very lecture heavy so if you don't enjoy being talked at for two hours straight lecture can be a struggle to get the motivation to go to. Should do fine on tests if you're able to memorize the powerpoints also, take advantage of the LA review sessions!
She is such a lovable woman and so easy to talk to if you have a question after class or during her office hours. Exams are so easy if you just study the lecture slides, I would recommend saving money and not getting the textbook for the class because you won't need it at all if you just study the lecture slides a lot.
She was an amazing teacher. You have to sit through 2 of her talking about interesting topics! I loved the classes.
Professor Fondufe is an amazing instructor. She knows her stuff inside and out and genuinely enjoys teaching biology. You have to know her powerpoints for the exams, but if you come to class and go over them once or twice, you can easily Ace her class.
No need to buy a textbook, exams are based off her PowerPoints and all assessments are on the syllabus. Lectures are fun, she has such a personality!
Prof Fondufe is an amazing teacher and person. If you have any questions at all, she is more than happy to answer them outside of class. Bio 213 is very lecture heavy, so if you cant memorize you obviously won't do so hot, but if you can its an easy A.
Basically just reads off the powerpoint slides. Don't take her if you like being talked at for 2 hours. The exam questions are right off the powerpoint. Make sure you know the "flow" of everything and how everything fits together. Going to class is useful, only if you pay attention. Don't go if you zone out or are not willing to put in the effort
