This is by the far the worst teacher on the planet...you can hardly understand anything she says. She makes a somewhat interesting course, DULL &amp; BORING. There is absolutely no point in going to lecture because she takes it DIRECTLY from the book...so just read the book. She will not keep you updated on your grade throughout the entire semester.
Personally, I felt like she made a class that had the potential to be really interesting, incredibly irritating. She takes everything from lectures directly from the book so you don't even need to go to class. It makes it worse that she is REALLY biased about everything she talks about instead of keeping an open mind, which I find very frustrating.
The tests are hard to understand because they're not exactly written in regular English, which ended up hurting my grade.  It's an easy class with not much work, and the professor is very passionate (maybe even too passionate) about what she lectures on.
TERRIBLE. she makes me not wanna come to her class ever. usually i dont, just to protect my mind. horrible teaching skills and almost completely impossible to understand. STAY FAR AWAY.
The course material might have been interesting, but it was guided on statistics pulled directly from the book. Though a nice woman, I felt that a huge burden was put onto the TA. The grammar on the tests was sometimes so jumbled that it was impossible to know what the question was even asking.
Her class is so easy, but don't expect to learn anything. She would assign us to read wikipedia pages for homework and have Pakistani fashion shows... regularly. Again, the class was a breeze, but she's awful.
I actually thought she was kind of fun, mainly because of her accent and because she loved it when people debated in her class. Also, it was really easy. I rarely went to class on tuesdays (exams and stuff were on thursdays) and still got a 3.5 with almost no studying. Really not that bad for a required ISS class.
Probably the worst professor at MSU.. Avoid her!!!
Years later, this woman is my prime example of professors who force you to memorize nonsense to pass the class, and therefore sacrifice your true understanding of the bigger picture. She cares more about useless statistics than she does about concepts one could use in other classes or reality.
DO NOT EVER TAKE ANY OF HER CLASSES. SHE IS HORRIBLE. All we ever talked about was Muslims, Arabs, and Islams. It was an intro to Sociology course. Also, she doesn't put any grades on Angel. It's been a week since I took my final and still haven't received my score back yet. I got my scores from my exam I took yesterday already. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
Worst professor I've had while at Michigan State.  She could care less about students, rarely taught unless it was reading definitions directly off her powerpoint, and made a sociology class into a lesson on how all of the white Americans are ruining Muslims' lives.  One upside is that it was an easy class.  Stay away at all costs.
Longest exams ever, and only gives you a limited amount of time which is less than your normal class.  Doesn't know what a valid excuse is for being in the hospital.  Will not post notes to Angel,isn't helpful to any concerns students have. Can't understand her English.
Do not take any of her classes if you can help it.  She is a horrible teacher, doesn't know her own slideshows, and has very poor grammar.  She will often read right from the book-- I can do that at home.  She is also very difficult to understand.  Don't bother going to class, because the tests are completely out of the book.
I came into this class with an open mind, and came out of it pissed off. Not only is she rude, but her tests are ridiculous. She has you read roughly 300 pages per exam just to ask you dates and percentages. She's a pathetic excuse for a teacher (considering she doesn't teach) and i would never recommend this class if you value your sanity.
Seemed culturally knowledgeable at first, later it really _seemed_ like her only interest was preventing overprivileged white people from passing. Asked specific details about population % during specific time periods; ignore her lectures and surf the web. Moved students around (a lot) during exams, which was incredibly distracting and destructive.
hard to understand, shows notes too fast. make sure you read the book! on exams she ask too specific of questions, kinda impossible
This woman complains about how she has been discriminated against for being an Arab Muslim but practices her own form of discrimination. Should you take her class(es), be prepared to bombarded with Islam and nothing else. People outside our class constantly asked with confused faces if it was a religions class, but we only discussed Islam.
I was very pleased with this professor, she is a smart woman and has a lot of life experience to back up her information.  Unfortunately, I noticed that students were somewhat obnoxious in her class, and I think it was for discriminatory reasons or simply their lack of understanding a different culture.  I highly recommend her... if you want to lea
There's no REAL reason to go to this class. She reads from the book - or Wikipedia - every day. She told us videos wouldn't be on exams. Two weeks before the final, she told us they would. She refused to meet anyone about them during office hours or give the names of them.

Take a class taught by someone interested in helping students learn.
This class was HORRIBLE!!! I thought it sounded interesting, but it was boring, and I didn't learn a thing! The tests were ridiculously hard, and the items on the test were not of importance. It seemed like she was just trying to stump us instead of helping us learn. I hated this class, I hope nobody ever takes it again.
