Dr. Asirvatham was amazing, so caring and sweet! She made o chem (almost) bearable. Hope she has a good retirement
She doesn't really explain ways to approach problems well, so I always felt like class time was not being used well. Her exam averages were extremely low and she was completely fine with that. I'm trying to think about something positive to say, but I just had a bad experience with her overall.
Dr. Asirvatham has difficulty presenting what material will be on her tests well enough. Her presentations lack more complex examples for her students to practice with. If you took a chemistry class in high school, odds are this lecture will be much to easy for you. Make sure you show up to class because she gives a lot of clicker questions.
Great class. She really cares about her students and makes hard topics easy to understand. She asks for feedback and clearly takes it into consideration. Very organized, clear lectures. Always willing to help inside or outside of class.
Only good quality is her handwriting. Find another professor with better reviews. Should not be a teacher.  Confrontational, disrespectful, and does a poor job laying a good foundation for chemistry. Also has the final say in lab sections. Make sure you don't have the hardest grading TA, because she will also not take that into account.
I enjoyed Dr. Asirvatham! She cared for the students' success and she carried herself so professionally! She is very educated and a wonderful person. Chemistry is a difficult class, but if you put in the effort to succeed and communicate with the professor you'll be more likely to do well!
She was a great teacher, she gave many opportunities to be graded and evaluated unlike my other teachers. Content isnt hard just need to put in the work and not to mention she is a hottie. "Good morning"
She is horrible, do not suggest, I am not a fan. I will be failing this class because she explains absolutely nothing and the only way to learn to correct material to pass the exams is through other resources that don't involve the coursework. Probably the reason I hate my life so much this semester. If you have her I apologize for your life.
Professor is confrontational when you correct her, but refuses to admit to ever being wrong. There's no winning course of action while dealing with her if she's in a bad mood basically. And she will hold a grudge afterwards. Honestly just best to avoid her.  If you have to take the class other professors like Hendrickson or Nabilah are much better.
She does not explain new concepts well - if anything, she makes simple concepts more difficult to understand.  She is well-meaning but can become impatient with students' questions. You MUST be willing to teach yourself the material from the textbook to pass her class.  I highly recommend choosing a different professor if possible.
She futzes around topics and trying to teach you new ways to do something that already very simple. She spends way too much time trying to have perfect handwriting and gets grumpy when you ask questions, but she's passionate about teaching. If you're not a bio or premed student, she makes it pretty tough to apply to your field. Also: clickers :(
Everyone was confused, and it seemed like everyone I talked to did poorly. The first test had a 50 something average and she was okay with it
She is nice but the class is hard.
She's passionate for sure and will help if you do ask. However, lectures are unbearable. Doesn't make sense and has this tendency to shout into the microphone so re-watching her lectures online are even more unbearable. Her notes are scattered yet colorful, and will add whatever she thinks of anywhere she can find space. Recommend someone else.
She is a very good teacher but you have to really, really want to learn the material on your own. It's a huge class, so sitting in the front few rows helps (she will get to know your name). But sit in the back and it's not hard to get lost and lose motivation.
Worst professor I have ever had. Avoid taking this class with her if possible. You will not pass. Tests are hard, and contain content not taught in lectures, homework, or in the book. Her lectures make no sense, it is just 50 min of her writing scribbles on the projector. Going to class makes understanding harder. Avoid.
This class was an extremely difficult summer course but I imagine it would be much less intense over a spread-out semester. Exams are tough but fair and Dr. Asirvatham was very kind and a good teacher. That said, the class is definitely tough. Would recommend for a semester but not a summer course.
Worse teacher I have ever had. She is confusing and makes no sense. Her notes are scattered and doesn't explain concepts or use examples. Im learning from the book and youtube videos.
Asirvathim is a great orgo professor. Her tests and class are very challenging, but going to the help room and reading the text book will get you an A
Worst chemistry teacher I've ever had. She scribbles on a projector for notes, doesn't give examples, homework and tests are hard and she doesn't go over them. When people ask for her to slow down or explain she doesn't. And her accents unbearable.
