Attendance isn't mandatory, but it does affect your grade. Come to class, take notes, and everything else will be easy.
I took the online section and didn't need to take a single note. She posts her own (short)notes in elearn (not that you'll need them). Three super easy homeworks due in my math lab every two weeks. Three attempts per question plus three attempts on the assignment itself. I never even took algebra and passed with an A+. TAKE HER CLASS
I love Ms. Doroshenko, she is sweet and funny. She has a thick accent but it's not too hard to understand her. I did not like the program we used during class (TopHat). She says not to worry about your grade until the end of the semester because what is reflected in TopHat is inaccurate, so that was irritating. But the actual class itself is easy.
Absolutely amazing! Such a respectable professor! Would recommend her to anyone!! Super sweet. Her accent is thick but after the first week or so you get used to it so it isn't an issue at all! Please take her! Homework is a big chunk but she gives you the exact homework questions in class and on tests. Super easy and good. Show up to class!!
She's really fun and funny. Work load is not hard and she allows the class to be paced by us. She's also really passionate and willing to help. Just communicate with her! For sure always show up to class, it can be a tad bit easy to get behind.
She is so funny! Great teacher that you can ask any question. She will return emails, and there is no textbook. She takes attendance through top hat with a code that she tells you at the end of class. Do not think you can get someone to send you the code she counts heads and she will notice.
She is so funny and nice! This class is not hard and thats coming from someone who isnt the best at math. Show up and youll do great. She explains well with tons of examples. She takes attendance but thats only to know if youre failing because you never show up. She is very easy to talk to and makes class comfortable
Come to class to get attendance that is incorporated in the final grade. Exams are no surprise and she does review with you before. A lot of classwork, make sure to do it to get your grade up. Overall, very nice and genuinely wants you to understand. May be a bit fast-paced though so keep up.
Loved her online statistics class. She didn't make the class stressful at all and was very reasonable and understanding of outside life and the need for extra time. I would most definitely recommend her for your math course.
Loved Doroshenko!! She made statistics really easy. Exams were easy because she allows a "cheat sheet" out when taking it. Attendance was mandatory because it was a grade. Super recommend this class.
Statistics is a hard class, but she made it not too hard. Take her
Mrs. D is fantastic! I'm planning to take some of her other Math classes next semester. She is so funny and makes class fun and light. She did not take attendance and all our work in on My Math Lab. Take her class if you get the chance!
She is a very caring and thorough instructor. She will repeat and help with anything that you dont understand as long as you have good attendance. She is a fair grader.
She is super flexible. Class was very easy with not to much homework and drops your lowest test grade. Super funny lady and would take her again.
One of the more enjoyable professors at this University. Never made any lectures difficult, and we normally got out a little early. Everything we do, aside from the tests, are on tophat. She makes sure we understand everything by doing review classes before the test. Plus, she is funny and nice.
One of the best math teachers I have ever had. She is funny and a very skilled teacher. Even though class is not mandatory, try to show up anyway. Sometimes she likes to give extra credit to those who are present. Just do your homework and you should be fine.
She is very patient and will go over everything that you need to know for the tests. You mainly work as a class on Tophat, you dont need to buy a textbook from the bookstore, and homework is to watch five minute videos and sometimes read an article. She allows cheat sheats and is a total sweetheart.
This class isn't difficult at all. There is a lot of repetition in lessons, and we do everything online. Tests are open note and very few. As long as you come to class, you're fine.
Best teacher in the department of Mathematical Sciences! Easy to follow. Just show up to class and do your TopHat exercises. Goes over all the tests and makes sure everyone understands.
I took her for my statistics class &amp; I would highly recommend. She is great at teaching &amp; isn't tough at all. She does take attendance on TopHat &amp; you will have assignments to do on there in class but they're easy &amp; she almost gives you the answers to everything. Mostly in-class work. Her tests are multiple choice &amp; she reviews w/ the actual test.
