I like Dr. Loza as a person, but her lectures are boring and hard to follow. Her quizzes are pretty fair if you do your homework, but she has no control over content on exams and doesn't really prepare us well for them. Loza's sections have the lowest exam averages. Thankfully, she is very accessible during office hours to help explain concepts.
I learned more about her life in the course than I did actual chemistry. She spends lectures wasting time however she can. I do not recommend taking her class.
I hated this class with my whole heart. Made my freshman year miserable. So much homework that was extremely overwhelming. There are weekly quizzes that are literally horrible. 0/10 class.. do not recommend to anyone.
If you dont have time to devoted your entire life to chemistry dont take it with her. The amount of homework she assigns is ridiculous.
Loza is funny, caring and truly wants her students to do well. Unfortunately, her lectures dont promote students success on common midterms. She often makes mistakes in lecture and gives a ridiculous amount of homeworkway more than other Chem 1210 professors. She also gives quizzes while other classes do activities and receive full credit.
Loza was very easy to pay attention to, however she was not the best at explain concepts in detail that are needed on the exams.
Lots of homework on Mastering Chem, but there are many mistakes on it. She attempted to explain these errors but ended up making it more complicated. Recommend only taking this class if your other classes do not require lots of work.
Dr loza made chemistry a blast and was always super willing to help out in office hours. If you work hard for the grade you want it's a great class.
Loza is a funny professor but she does not cover the material well and easily gets sidetracked by bragging.. Be prepared to read the textbook for every single chapter. She is also the only 1210 prof at OSU that gives weekly quizzes in recitation, and these WILL hurt your grade. I like her as a person, but she is not the best professor.
There is no point to going to lecture because you won't get anything out of it. She jumps from topic to topic so quickly that she doesn't explain everything you need to know and I'm not sure she ever knows what she's talking about. Excessive amount of unhelpful homework. Weekly quizzes instead of recitation points. Highly do not recommend.
She gave us tons of homeworks to do, and she talks so fast during the lecture, do not take her class.
Class average was 60% on every exam, enough said
I would take her again if I had the choice. She may make mistakes in lecture, and there is a lot of homework outside of class, but working through those mistakes and the homework made me earn my grade. I believe that she does a great job of setting her students up for future success. Could easily make a drinking game out of the things she says.
Loza is one of the worst the chem department has to offer in terms of coherence and understandability. She's definitely smart, but she should stick to industry. She's the most erratic and incomprehensible lecturer I've seen, and her exams are hard. Study the book on your own, take someone else.
Hardest professor I have ever had. Unrealistic amount of work. Be ready to devote 24/7 to this class. However, she is really funny
The biggest mistake of my entire college career was taking Dr. Loza's class freshman year. LITERALLY ANYONE ELSE is better for 1210. If you do get trapped with her, I suggest creating a drinking game each lecture out of her errors made on the board, and random tangents about her time in industry and own C in Gen Chem. Drink will be your own tears.
Loza is definitely a sweet and caring person and you can tell she knows a lot, but honestly, I had no idea what was going on in lecture. It felt like she spent half the lecture telling us what we should be studying in our own time instead of actually teaching material. The textbook saved me
Loza is tough, no way around it. I would strongly recommend reading the book and taking notes before class, otherwise it is hard to follow her lectures. Her exams are very tough as well, mostly because they are really thorough and test on all the little details. However, if you stay diligent on your work, it is not impossible to do well.
This class was the hardest class Ive ever taken but Dr. Loza feels like one of only professors Ive ever had actually care about me. This being the first time I took Chem, I worked hard. The grade I got wasnt great, but I passed and I dont need to retake it. Shes funny and that keeps lectures interesting. Go to office hours and ask questions.
At the time I took the class I thought professor Loza was just fun but just okay at teaching, however, no other teacher I have had has taught me as much as her. This class isn't that easy but she does a good job of preparing you.
