Met 6x through out the whole semester and you don't learn in those meetings you just do group work that you can barely finish in the time given. She brags and laughs at the fact that no one passes her exams. Her extra credit? (That I got 100% on) brought my grade up from an 81.21% to an 81.29%. You teach yourself all the lessons. AVOID if you can.
Tests are purposefully vague and careless in choice of language, leading to answers differing from definitions offered in the text. I.E. You answered the question correctly, but you got it wrong. Either the TAs write them or they are copied from somewhere.
I've only been in this class for a few weeks and I can already tell it's going to be a bad experience. Her teaching methods are questionable as she wants us to "teach ourselves" through the online textbook. Her homework is graded very tough and the material is even tougher. She's seemingly the type of professor who wants you to fail.
Study. Find good study groups. Show up when you have class. Actually do the homework (dont copy) otherwise you will not do well. It takes effort. See the TAs and try your best. This is NOT an easy A for some and does take effort. So expect to work for your good grades. She is a decent teacher and could be way better, but as I said, she's decent.
This class made you work for your grade. I personally spent hours taking notes from the online textbook and sitting down on my own and try to fully understand the subject. She does drop a few homework grades, an exam, quizzes and multiple extra credit opportunity. Go to TA hours. Definitely my hardest class, hard work pays off.
This was the worst class Ive every taken out of my college career. &amp; the WORST professor ever. What she gives you to study for the exams are NOTHING like what is actual on the exams. You teach yourself everything in the course so if you cant learn that way youre screwed. &amp; this only meet 5 times out of the semeste 1hr only makes matters worse.
This class is the hardest class out of my whole college career. Second time taking this class and still havent learned anything.
Dr. Underwood is a great teacher. You meet 5 times in the entire semester (about every two weeks) discussing the topics that were discussed in the homework. She has several TA's and is very open. The grading criteria are clear and she answers any questions you may have. During the class meetings she has activities that help explain the material.
Awful teacher.
Professor Underwood is extremely helpful during her class meetings. Unfortunately that is only a few times a semester. The book is difficult to study from so make sure not to miss a lecture. She will sit with you and help you through a problem if you ask for help. Exams are hard but she does offer a good amount of extra credit. Solid choice.
One of the HARDEST classes I ever took &amp; School isn't usually hard for me. It was a hybrid or mixed mode class, 5 MANDATORY meetings &amp; the exams are BARELY like the quizzes &amp; homework. She held 2 reviews one for exam 2 &amp; one for the final. I failed all of the exams except one. She does offer EC &amp; she does drop the lowest assignments. (Grade: 78 C+)
Its one of the hardest classes I took in UCF. You learn everything yourself because we meet only 5 times, and in class she only gives you assignments with no explanations.
She herself is not too tough on grading but her TA is. She does a very good job explaining things and never assumes you already know something. Work is required for this class but that is to be expected, because its a 4000 level course. She makes the class interesting when it doesnt necessarily have to be.
really good instructor but it's a hard class. Do A LOT of practice problems &amp; get StudyCube to prepare for the exams and you'll do well.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Did not watch more than 3 lectures and ended with an A+. Make sure to read the textbook which is easy to understand and study her review guides.
I got a C+ in this class and it was difficult but she was an amazing professor. The best I've ever had. She lectured amazingly and really knows her stuff. There's 3 tests, 5 quizzes, and about 15 homework assignments. She drops your lowest quiz and 2-3 homeworks. She has some extra credit if you do the exam redos.
Very difficult class. She explains everything fine the first time, but review materials are scarce. I could never find a way to explicitly review for exams other than visiting the TAs. Don't take this class unless it's for your major. You will rip your hair out.
I had Professor Underwood this semester and in my honest opinion she was a great professor. Macro is a very difficult subject but with the help of her and the TA"s I was able. She offers a lot of extra credit opportunities and actually doing the extra credit will help you understand the content better. Her lectures are posted on webcourses.
This class is difficult, but not impossible. As long as you watch the lectures, pay attention, and work hard you can do it! After the quizzes, I went to visit the TA's and that SERIOUSLY helped. Go visit either Dr. Underwood or the TA's it helps so much for exams. She drops lowest test and homework. I enjoyed the class.
Dr. Underwood was great, but I had her lecture at 7:30 in the morning so I would usually rely on the recordings. However, attending the class in person always felt better, the lectures are fun, engaging, and really helped the information come to life.
