Way too much information crammed into this class! VERY homework/reading heavy- fine if it's the only class you're taking. Instructions alone are lengthy! I took it online and am wondering if maybe it's just a class that should be taken in person. Interesting material and straight forward mid-term and final (multiple choice and true/false).
I am very disappointed in PSU for this one. First off, I have taken two years worth of online classes and this was the most confusing class I've EVER taken. Be prepared for a different style of teaching. She also hasn't replied to 3 emails I sent her WEEKS ago. The material is easy, it is the setup that is annoying. Also, she uses D2L email..
Worst professor I have ever had. Doesn't respond to emails and complicated instructions. Nothing made sense. No one learned anything. Mainly online course and everyone is doing poorly. Don't bother with this professor its a guaranteed F!
Gisele gives work and homework out like her class is the only class that you take. I read and re read through pages of disorganized lecture, followed her "guidelines" and still never got better than a B. This is the first class I've taken that I have gotten less than an A. I am a Junior. Now my GPA lowered, Awful.
I have had Gisele for 4 different classes, and TA'd for her twice. Anyone who says her classes are hard isn't paying attention. There are weekly posts, there is reading... do you work and follow her instructions and you will pass. It's a comm class, if you can't follow her very basic instructions then what are you doing here?
Don't take this class. I spent at least 3 hours every night trying to figure out what the discussion question is asking. She is extremely disorganized, and you must read over the lectures (14 pages long) at least 4 times to understand them. The TA's grade your posts, so expect no more than a C or B on the discussions that took 5 hours to finish.
Prof doesn't care much about the class or students. Numerous grammatical errors in lectures and on tests (both midterm and final). Formatting of D2L page makes it hard to navigate. Formatting of lectures and readings are difficult to read. All of this makes the class hard to understand. Material doesn't seem current to topic and other COMM classes.
Her classes are confusing. I don't understand how PSU can keep for so long, someone with such little teaching skills. Her lectures are confusing and hard to follow. If you attempt to challenge her views,  you ought to be ready to become her enemy. She has weekly 500-word assignments and will mark you down if you do one more or less word. Stay away!
None of this class makes sense. If you do not have the same opinions as her, be ready for a tough time. As well, the class format is incredibly confusing- I am not sure if that is because its online, or just how she does it... but it makes it very difficult &amp; hard to follow. I would definitely not recommend taking this class online.
Wow where do I start. Don't take her for any class. The terms and vocab that she uses are unique to well, the world apparently. Words that have no meaning outside of PSU like, Throughput Variables, Groupness, Groupflow, and many more words and phrases that you will not be able to find on the web. It's all nonsense and PSU needs to look into ths
This course has some interesting info, but the lectures are so convoluted that one is unable to discern actual lessons from the writing. Weekly posts and 2 exams per term are difficult as the material covered is muddled/ TLDR. Clear structured material would go a long way to help this course.  All  around I would suggest not taking this course.
Avoid.  She doesn't teach anything.  She is rude and unavailable.  Her assignments are time consuming and not valuable.
COMM313U  This was the hardest online class I've ever taken. A workload equivalent to my three other classes this term. All of it was fluff writing. Word count  grade. Graded by TA's, no teacher contact. Unclear instructions; it's like Word had a seizure of italicize, bold, and underline. Do not take the class. Drop the class. You've been warned
Workload for this class is super heavy. Instructions are often unclear and test questions are vague &amp; hard to interpret. I spent 4 hours yesterday staring at my computer just trying to decide how to start my discussion post. This week alone was 65 pgs of reading, min. 900 words discussion (no responses this week, thankfully), +long, hard quiz.
crazy long discussion posts due every week (twice a week). Wouldn't suggest this course at all, she doesn't even grade your work she has a teaching assistant due all her work. Never even communicated with our class.
This class is ridiculous. Way too much work for an online class, her lecture are a jumbled mess, and her directions are the opposite of cohesive. SO much reading. You have to write like 800 words in discussion posts two times a week, weekly quizzes, but thankfully the tests are easy. Boring and feels like busy work.
She is one of the worst teachers i have ever taken. Her classes are just her talking the entire time. And a total waste of time.
Comm 337 was the hardest online class I have ever taken. The weekly posts (2 posts a week) are time consuming, difficult to write for her specific specifications, and pointless. She marks you down if you say your opinion in posts and her lectures and mini lectures are pages long with only paragraphs where she just runs on. Don't take this class.
I don't normally write these, but, I am taking both COMM and gender and COMM and groups with Gisel, both online. And I feel like I am being torchured. This is the worst online class I've ever taken. The information is not organized, she does not return emails until it is too late. There is a huge amount of fluff writing. NOT A GOOD PROOF OR CLASS.
I'm taking an online class with her, and I'm just over it really. She assigns novels to read when she could much easily compact the things we need to know into bullet points, she grades tough, and assigns long ass writing assignments that take up more time than my four other classes. She expects you to meet a ridiculous word count without fluff.
