Dr. Lim is a sweet and funny lady. Unfortunately, nothing from lectures is even on the exam. Everything is from the book, an opinionated mess of statistics. She only gives 4 exams (50 questions), doesn't curve. Don't even go to class, read the book for an A, or take it two weeks at a community college :(
I love Dr. Lim. Her lectures are hilarious and help the information to stick in your head. Your only grades are from tests, no homework or quizzes or anything, so make sure you read. Her tests are reasonable and everything is on the slides or in the book, but the material is memorization heavy- especially for graphs.
She's a hilarious but be warned she has no filter. If you get easily offended don't take her and if you do please don't complain because it makes the class boring for everyone else. In short she makes a very boring subject insanely funny.
Prof Lim is an upbeat instructor that does her best to make the content fun. Exams are a combination of lecture and reading from the text so be ready for that. If you go to class and pay attention in lecture you will do fine in the class.
This class can be an easy A if you don't skip class and you read the textbook. Usually the professor's lectures are pretty entertaining!
offered a point of extra credit, bumps up a .5, get ready to read because the class is straight from the textbook. Only a portion of the test is from lecture. I never went to class and just read over shared notes online and did fine.
Dr. Lim is the best POLS prof here. She is so funny and insightful. She knows so much about the gov here but can relate it to the gov in her home country which makes it interesting. She gives straight facts but not everyone can handle the truth. There is nothing but 4 exams but not much extra credit so keep that in mind if not showing up to class.
I honestly believe this was the best class of my first semester here at A&amp;M. A very good teacher for this class, teaches material well and makes getting an A in her class very easy. If you attend lectures and pay attention, you can A every test with only an hour or two of studying. Do not take her if you are easily offended, she has crude humor.
Her exams are also based on the lectures, which are not mandatory, but the lectures are extremely helpful and help a ton.
I never went to class much because she spent half the time talking about everything except state government. Fortunately her exams are easy enough that if you have common sense and review a couple quizlets/lecture slides before the exam you'll get at least a B. There's also 2 points extra credit on your final average if you take this survey.
This class ended up being much more enjoyable than I thought it would be. Lim is very funny and makes the lectures interesting. I definitely recommend taking notes over the lectures as well as reading the textbook. The tests weren't too difficult, and I only ended up making a B because I didn't study much for the last exam and didn't do so well.
Dr. Lim is very funny and I thought the class was easy.
Dr. Lim is hilariously relatable. She is so down to earth and makes it clear with her chill classroom environment. She makes a boring subject interesting with her humor, her wisdom, and her use of sources. She attacks all political beliefs and sticks to the facts. Warning: Not a class for the easily offended.
Dr. Lim is incredible! Her tests are extremely correlated with the textbook, so READ. Also, make notecards! While this isn't a hard class, you still need to apply yourself and work hard. Dr. Lim is hilarious and cares about her students. Her accent isn't a problem, so no worries about that. She only gives 4 exams-- no homework or quizzes, so read!
She is an awesome prof that likes to share interesting stories in her class. I feel like she is deeply concerned with the general parochial freshmen population and tells stories to let them be more open minded. Lectures cover some nitty gritty stuff that might be on the exams. Go to classes and its an easy A.
There are only four test grades a semester so be sure to study. It is a lecture only class, so be prepared to take notes. That being said, Professor Lim keeps class interesting by cracking jokes and relating the topics to student's lives. Go to lecture, take good notes and read the textbook and you should be fine.
Dr. Lim's class only has 4 tests which are sem-diffucult. Her lectures are sometimes hard to follow because she sometimes goes off on a tangent. The book was the only reason that I was able to do semi-well on the tests.
She is a fun and engaging professor. She keeps things interesting through her anecdotes and jokes. The class is heavily data driven, and the entire course is graded off of 4 multiple choice exams. If you are good at interpreting data from charts and graphs, or you can take good notes and pay attention, you should do fine.
Prof. Lim has some of the most entertaining lectures I've been to. Be prepared for only 4 tests that will make up your entire grade for the course, but so long as you take good notes during lecture, thoroughly review your notes, and understand some of the key points, you should walk out with at least a B.
Prof Lim is pretty brash so if you are easily offended I wouldn't suggest her, she is entertaining in lecture and posts her power points online which are very helpful for studying. READ THE BOOK, I bought one 3 editions old and it worked out. Your grades is based on 4 tests so make a study group and go to class. She is helpful in office hrs also!
