I felt stressed and burnt out even being in this class. Love BA 205 material but please don't take this class with Jennifer. This is a 200 level class with 400 level assignments. Lots of unnecessary and time confusing busy work, lots of tests and readings. And she finds the smallest errors to mark you down. First C ever in my life despite hard work
The class has a lot going on! Its tough but the syllabus, overviews, and study guides are all difficult to read/understand. Its an online class and she wont get back to you in a timly manner for questions. Reading is often confusing and information doesnt line up with tested material. She actually is unprofessional.
Honestly, one of the worst online courses I've ever taken. There is so much unnecessary and repetitive work. She is also a harsh grader and will grade you down for the smallest of mistakes. She also takes a very, very long time to reply to email. I had to email her three separate times before she replied to me. Would not recommend this professor.
This Professor grades you and says there is feedback when there is none. She also likes to give you the lowest grade possible. In week 3 or 4 she says it's an easy week when there are 2-3 projects to complete and 2-3 exams for the week and also the learnsmart there are 3-4 assignments in one week. She likes to leave her students in the dark.
Very harsh and gives a lot of work. Do not Recommend!!
Hardest course I have ever taken. Not because the course is complicated but because she give way too much work, most of it is unnecessary and repetitive. Tough grader and sometimes unfair. However she replies quickly to mail and is available most of the time if you have questions. I dont recommend
Not my most favorite professor. There's tons of unnecessary work in my opinion. She's very particular (nice way of saying it) in the way she grades. She'll grade you down for the smallest of things. The final exam is web-cam-proctored, closed book, no notes, no anything, and very difficult. I wouldn't want to take this professor again.
Jennifer is okay. Lectures are long because you cover a lot of information but she made them engaging by talking about real life situations and encouraging group discussions. She gives you a study guide for the midterm and final at the beginning of the term. Just study for the tests and you'll be fine
Jennifer is a good teacher, although she does have her definite favorites which I find unprofessional. Tests are difficult but doable if you get a good group for the group project you'll be fine, but she, unfortunately, chooses the groups for you.
There is a group project (including a final paper), a midterm, and a final. Besides that, there isn't much place to earn points. She grades pretty harsh on the paper, so be prepared to make sure your paper is written well and formatted correctly. The midterm and final aren't easy but you can get an A if you study. Lectures are long.
Great &amp; passionate. The tests cover everything on the study guide so if you study well you'll be fine. Don't wait until the day before to fill out the study guide, do it as you go over chapters in class. I bought the book access, but the lectures/slides covered everything you need to know for exams. Choose groups wisely.
Do not take the 4 hour night class. You will die. She is a goof teacher that provides good study guides but her tests are hard and if you don't study well you will fail.
I got an A in her class but it wasn't easy. She gives you VERY clear expectations and even tells you exactly what will be on the test. However, you have to study hard and remember a lot. MAKE SURE YOU CHOOSE A GOOD GROUP! It will make ALL the difference in class. Bottom line is her class is challenging but absolutely worth taking because of her.
Jennifer is very knowledgeable in the material she teaches! Excessive homework, she expects a lot which can strain other classes if you have a family or need to work. No midterm, just one comprehensive final. She did teach valuable business writing skills. Expect A LOT of work, not an easy A!!
OK. She is a good instructor, and she expects a lot. Tests are hard if you don't study, easy if you follow the provided study guide. Not a fan of the minus next to my A for almost a 93%. After learning about motivation tactics all term this seems like quite the opposite of motivation. She loves to teach and gets very into it.
I've had Jennifer for the past couple of terms and I have loved her. She is very knowledgeable about what she is teaching. Although she is a tough grader, and expects a lot, you'll get the most out of it and gain some experience for the real world. It's not an easy A, but with hard work comes results. She is very helpful and accommodation.
Unintelligent
Jennifer is a great instructor. She is passionate about the subject, and helps students when necessary. She does class exercises, but mostly lectures. She is a tough grader. You have to work hard for the grade that you want. Exams have short AND lengthy essay questions. Will definitely take her again.
This class is a nightmare. I feel like I can never stay on top of everything I need to get done because there is just so much. It's not hard but it is extremely time consuming. The group project has zero guidance on what exactly you are doing or what she wants. Oh and to top it off lectures are incredibly boring. Take a different prof if you can.
Exceptionally unorganized.  Deliberately difficult.  Unclear content expectations.   Lectures are useless.  WARNING, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS/PROFESSOR!
