Norma is my spirit animal.
Norma is the best professor out there. She is patient, understanding, kind, considerate, and great at her job. She has a passion for teaching that is contagious. She  makes you want to run out of her classroom and go teach a class right away. Truly inspirational. Take her if you can!
Norma is an amazing professor. She cares about all of her students and her main goal is to teach you what it means to be a teacher. The homework is easy and she is very understanding if you forget an assignment or something. If you can, take her class! I cant say enough good about her.
BEST PROFESSOR EVER! She really exposes you to the beginnings of teaching. Amazing. Wonderful. Angel sent from heaven.
Norma is a great professor! She understands her students and takes the time to get to know you. The work is very easy and spaced out. She definately tells you what you need to know to be a teacher!
Norma inspires us all to be better PEOPLE, not just teachers. She is the ultimate role model.
Norma is absolutely, hands down the best professor of any professors of all time. Class was challenging yet informative and very relevant. She cares enough about each student to learn their names the first day of class. I will always think of Norma Bailey as my top role model, only second best to my own mother :)
Norma is amazing.  One of the best professors at Central.  I can't think of one bad thing to say about her.  She really cares about her students, their learning, and her classes.
The best professor I've ever had at CMU... a testament to what teachers and human beings should be! Kind, compassionate, fair... grounded in belief. My future students will be better off because I learned from her. My peers and I are so thankful for her. Cheers to Norma!
Absolutely amazing professor. She's so kind, listens to her students and is so understanding. As long as you go to class and do the work, you'll easily get an A. She just wants you to try and is not worried if you miss a couple classes or are late turning in a couple assignments. So passionate about education.
Norma has got to be one of the best professors at CMU. She is so much fun and so enthusiastic about education and young adolescents. I loved going to her class. She doesn't believe in strict grades, deadlines or exams. She makes her classes fun but you learn a LOT at the same time. I can't wait to have more classes with her.
Great teacher! Take her class if you think you want to be a teacher! It will make you truly choose!
Norma was my professor almost 10 years ago and I still remember how much she inspired me to be a middle school teacher.  She is such an incredible and fascinating woman and teacher.
Great professor and great course!
Norma is one of the nicest, most intelligent people that you will ever meet. Excellent teacher.
Norma is by far the best professor at Central. If you're interested in Middle Level education, go talk to her. She has such a ridiculous amount of knowledge on adolescents and wants to make you the best teacher possible. Also, if you want a classroom full of close friends, sign an MLE minor.
Most amazing prof at CMU. If you are going into education she will make you consider a minor in Middle Level. Very enthusiastic. Loves her job and students.
Norma is by far the best professor at Central. She definitly deserved professor of the year! She is very very passionate about what she teaches. She also will answer any questions you have, even if it has nothing to do with your class. I go to her with all my questions
Norma is by far the best professor I have ever had. The class is designed easy so that you can learn and reflect the most that you can. She will help you in any way and understands when things go wrong. She is the most inspirational person I have met at CMU. If you have a chance to take this class, you should! I promise you wont regret it at all.
Absolutely amazing.  Keep up the wonderful work, Norma.  I hope to do exactly what you do some day.
