Such a good prof!! She makes the class bearable (esp if you don't like math) and is super engaging in class. Would DEF take again and I highly recommend!
She is someone who WANTS to work with students to make sure they understand the material and will pass the class. The discussion board was used to ask questions so other students could help. Her practice tests and homework gave you a good idea of what the tests were going to be like. I loved it.
I love her so much! She is lovely and she will help you understand basic math. The work she has you do has a purpose and if you want to be an elementary teacher you will love learning the different styles. Everyone who gave her a bad rating is just salty that they don't know how to do basic math. Seriously, she is very understanding and funny.
This class is hybrid so you spend one day in class a week and the rest is online. There's three paper tests (including the final) and the other two are online. Professor Crossin is a very bubbly teacher and good wake me up for a 9 am course. Going to class is not mandatory since it is online as well but you get 10 easy points for going.
I took MATH106 online and it was particularly easy. The professor lets you have cheat sheets during tests and homework is easy to complete. 5 discussion boards are due throughout the entire semester but they're easy.
Lets get one thing clear: math is my least favorite thing in the world. Prof Crossin made it easy and enjoyable. I took the online class but she was always available for questions, very kind, &amp; made me somewhat enjoy math! For the summer class it was a few math assignments per week, two online tests, one in person midterm &amp; one in person final
A great professor. She really went out of the way to ensure everybody in the class learned the material and explained in detail. Very funny and an all around great class that I looked forward to going to
Condescending, rude, slow to reply, wrong answers in the study guide key. If these are things you enjoy, then professor Crossin is a perfect fit for you! I earned an A in this class, but she constantly made mistakes, fessed up those mistakes, yet would continue to be rude and condescending if you asked simple questions. How ironic. Stay away
I love Karen! This is the second class I've taken with her and I've enjoyed it. She is always available during office hours and truly cares about her students. She has a bold personality and sometimes gets off topic, but she is so much fun. I've learned so much from her. Take her class.
Class was easy over all. Your whole grade is based of your HW basically. and she grades harsh on those. Accuracy matters. Ive gotten A's on every test yet still have a C in the class because of homework. Test looks just like review. Was rude when you contacted her but other than that no problems. Participation matters even though she didnt say
It's an online course, so everything is put up on BB; tests are taken in-person. There's homework every week, mostly online and some written, but it's easy and not long. The 3 tests are very easy and she gives a practice test before each one that's almost exactly the same as the actual test. Highly recommend taking it as your required math course!
I took her online class over the summer, so the material was a lot and very condensed into a month.  As long as you do the homework, you will be fine.  I have struggled with math since elementary school and was extremely nervous taking math over the summer.  I would definitely recommend taking her! Very nice person too.
I love Professor Crossin! She's hilarious and makes math fun. She's also super approachable and caring. I usually hate math but Professor Crossin converted me! She offers little extra credit assignments here and there, and she's always willing to spend time with you to help you succeed. I would HIGHLY recommend her! Her hybrid class is awesome!
I loved having her. I was in a hybrid class, so we only met once a week, and the rest was done online. She used a lot of helpful examples in class, and she made a lot of jokes. At the end of the semester, you have a choice on how you want to be graded, and she always hands out practice problems before a test. The quizzes are easy enough.
Granted, math is my worst subject, but this was the most difficult class I've taken going into Senior year. The homework took forever and I still needed a tutor because the material wasn't clear. She tried to help the class out by giving several extra credit opportunities, but I wish the tests didn't count so much. Allows a half page notes at tests
There are only two Prof.  that teach MATH 271&amp;272 and Prof. Crossin just so happens to be the lesser of two evils. The homework load is ridiculous and no, it did not help me understand the material. People find her insanity amusing but to me she was annoying. She makes you learn the material by yourself and expects you to understand it. Be prepared
Karen was one of the best professors I have ever had. She truly cares about her students and tries to help them understand the material. She gives out a lot of homework, but it really helps you understand what is going on in class. She also sets up her classes in teams, so you help your classmates learn the material as well. I highly recommend!!!!
If you're really close to a higher grade, she'll give you that grade. She won't give out C minuses if you're between a 70 and 72 which is helpful so you don't have to retake. Giving out extra credit for correcting mistakes helps encourage class participation. She also has a lot of helpful tricks which can help memorize formulas.
I took Boyette for 271, but that was a big mistake so I took Crossin for 272. Honestly, she is so amazing. She cares about all her students and is always there if you ask for help. Her study guides are relevant to the exam. There is a lot of homework, but it really does help you understand the material. I would definitely recommend her!
LOVED HER! Any person who has ever had trouble in math should take her class. She has a unique teaching style that I receptive to and fought math in ENGLISH and not a way that a non-mathy person can understand. Go to class and pay attention, and you'll be fine! She's also hilarious and for that I really enjoyed going to her class. 10/10 recommend
