I loved Tammy! She seriously is on of the coolest professors I've had at BYU. Her lectures are amazing, full of some incredible stories. Some of the homework was a little tedious and the daily quizzes were actually really difficult but such a great class that is worth taking for sure!
This class should be required for all BYU students. Tammy is thoughtful, funny, and insightful. She is passionate about helping BYU students have healthy, happy, and successful marriages. This class is great for any relationship stage, from single to married because it teaches you how to find authenticity in your life. Amazing class!
This class is life changing no matter your relationship status. It's only about marriage life but about relationships with God, yourself and others. Online quizzes are specific, so do your readings. Not reading and missing class will only hurt you by missing out on amazing life lessons. Tammy is an amazing professor with so much passion for life.
Great class. The quizzes are way more specific and difficult than they need to be. The content of the class is really good and Tammy does a great job of presenting the information well.
Tammy is awesome! She really is passionate about what she teaches, and practices what she preaches. I would reccomend this class to all students, even if you aren't dating someone or getting married soon! It teaches so many beneficial things about relationships in general. She is so real and candid, which was really refreshing.
Tammy is a riot! She brings so much joy and excitement into each lecture. I am preparing for marriage currently and I learned so much from this class that have really helped me feel prepared for life. It is not just a focus on marriage prep but really life prep. You learn so much and she does it in such an engaging way!
Tammy is a great teacher who is passionate about helping students be successful in their lives. This class is designed to not only to provide information, but to change who you are. Most of her assignments are experiential. Come to class and read because the after-class quizzes can be very specific. I loved taking this class with my wife!
Tammy is an awesome professor! She really puts effort into preparing her lectures and making them interesting. I never left class bored or tired because she made it easy to engage in the material. The homework is easy. If you make it count I think it can be really beneficial. Definitely a class I would take again, no questions!
Tammy is amazing!! Hands down the best class I have ever had.
Tammy is a hoot! I originally took this class because my roommate said no matter your relationship status, it can help you! All of her lectures are inspiring and very applicable in all relationships, especially in dating and marriage. You have quizzes after each class period, but if you pay attention and do the reading, you will be fine!
First off this class is meant to develop your character in preparation for future relationships and I would have no one else teach me this then Tammy Hill. Tammy inspires you to change, sparks introspection and teaches difficult topics comfortably and boldly. I highly recommend the experience you gain from Tammy and her lectures.
This class was the most terrifying class I could take due to my own fears around relationships and marriage. I'm so glad I took it from Tammy. She has incredible real-world experience and is able to communicate that to students. I experienced a great deal of personal healing taking this class. The experiential learning assignments are great.
Tammy is a great teacher. Her whole purpose is to just help you be more prepared in the dating world and for your marriage. Over all I would suggest going to as many lectures as possible because you learn so much and they are really enjoyable lectures as well.
Tammy knows her stuff and knows how to make class fun; however, the content in this class seems like it would fit better into the curriculum of an eternal families class. I would say 1/3 of the content in this class is about things that actually helped me prepare for marriage and most of what Tammy teaches is opinion-based.
Tammy is an amazing teacher! She has a lot of great insight, and this class isn't only about preparing yourself for marriage but also becoming your best self. She is down to earth and realistic, her assignments are geared towards helping you in your future marriage and becoming better instead of testing you on meaningless things.
SFL 223 (Preparation for Marriage) was an amazing class. Tammy incorporates academic and religious sources in readings and really knows and cares what she's talking about. There's a bit of outside work (experiential assignments) that you do, but it's fun and gets you out of your comfort zone in a good way. Just be open to doing new things!
Tammy is an AMAZING professor. She is super down to earth and is eager to help her students succeed both in the class and in life. You won't want to skip class because the lectures are THAT good. I would recommend this class to anyone at BYU.
Tammy is an absolute gem! Her marriage prep class was amazing! She has an INCREDIBLE story which is so inspiring. Her lectures were so insightful and I learned so much. There are daily quizzes on the lectures and readings, as well as outside projects that you complete throughout the semester. Just stay on top of things and you'll do great! :)
I've taken various SFL classes, felt excited about this course, but was most disappointed with this. I remember Tammy responding to someone's sincere curiosity with, "why would you want to know that?" Can be condescending/rude. If you want to take a more practical class healthy sexuality may be better.
This class was incredible! I would recommend it in an instant to anyone, getting married or not. This class really challenges you to get out of your comfort zone and enjoy new things in life. If you want a class will actually change your life and make you a better person (more fun and more spiritually rounded) this is the class for you!
