Judith Tansky was one of my favorite professors at OSU. I've gone on to have a nice career in entrepreneurship and it was during her courses that I realized what I wanted to do and how I was going to do it. While other students around me seemed to find her courses difficult, they made perfect sense to me. I plan to audit her courses in the future.
This class is a joke. Attend lecture and take good notes. The exam is easy if you pay attention in class. If you have a good TA, you'll get an A in this class. Having said that, Tansky is a terrible professor. Nothing more needs to be said that hasn't been. She's a terrible presenter and breaks every rule that you'll be forced to follow
Dr.Tansky is an ok professor. She just leads a once a week short lecture , which is easy to follow. Attend every lecture , take good notes and the final is actually easy. Fisher students really over exaggerate how hard this class is. It is mostly based on recitation=presentation and ethics game case studies.
There is no reason for you to look at reviews, she is the only professor for this subject. She may be unclear but the course is entirely based on your TA except for the final.
Absolutely the lousiest, most non-competent professor ever existed here in Fisher. For a presentation class, she is beyond laughable when it comes to engaging interest. Bring your ipad/iphone whatever just to stay awake cause god bless you, no amount of coffee will keep you awake in this class. Even my grandma could tell better stories. Scam.
Nothing new to add. She is terrible the class is useless, and EthicsGame is a scam. It doesn't matter how much you study for the final because it is completely random and meaningless information. Grades are entirely subjective. Another poor professor and class brought to you by Fisher College of Business. Growing more disappointed each quarter.
Honestly one of the worst professors I have had at OSU.  I don't know for the love of me how she is a doctor.  She is a horrible teacher, she seems to be confused when trying to teach the class. Her organization is laughable, and she has no idea how to convey material to students.  I don't think she knows what she is doing. OSU should fire her.
She stinks, but bless her heart she tries. All of the previous comments are pretty much right on. She doesn't tell you that attendance is mandatory and doesn't ever hint that there is a sign in sheet. The final isn't hard content-wise, but as previously stated, what makes it so difficult is that no one has clear-cut notes to sufficiently study.
Tansky tries hard, but cannot seem to figure out how to teach this class.  She rambles on in lecture and no one is sure whether to be taking notes on what she is saying or not. Her final is known to be incredibly tough, not because the material is hard, but because no one knows what to study.  Good luck trying to take accurate notes to study from.
She doesnt know what she is talking about and the class is very boring. You should get a good TA because my TA was so harsh on grading. She literally took 10 points for grammar errors in a 50 point essay. The class is the most worthless class I ever took in OSU
The class is not hard, but the final is pretty difficult. Go to all lectures, write good &amp; specific notes (bring a laptop for notes), esp. when speakers come in. Treat the group presentations seriously &amp; work hard on them to score well. Tansky is nice but needs to retire or to write a better final. Grade's mostly TA-based; good luck w/ a nice TA.
Although the EthicsGame isn't that useful, it's not hard to learn to game the system by the final. Lots of chances to practice groupwork and public speaking. The Harvard Business Review article was amazingly insightful, but most people didn't read it, which is why discussion sucked. Tansky likes to build relationship with students outside of class.
It's kind of ironic that Fisher would allow someone so horrendous as public speaking teach a class on public speaking. She was hard to understand, unorganized, and seemed to lack any interest in actually teaching. She forced us to buy an online simulation that was a total waste of money and time. All you can really do is pray for a good TA.
She is nice, but it is time for her to retire and enjoy a cruise or some exotic vacation far, far away from Fisher.  This class is extremely unorganized, a complete waste of my money... as well as a waste of my time and brain cells.  I ended up learning NOTHING in this course!  Fisher, what is the point? Hello?
one of the most useless classes I have ever had. she literally repeat the same lecture for three times. the final (i just took) was the worse. too much to write, not enough time (&lt; 1 hour ). and she expect us to read her mind (there is a standard answer for ethical case study and she made it short answer questions). and she is a terrible speaker.
She is the worst professors i have ever had. she doesnt know how to teach the material. just hope you get a good ta because you are going to fail the final, if you dont youre in trouble. What makes this even more entertaining is that she teaches a public speaking class and has no idea how to speak in public. what was fisher thinking hiring her.
Lectures were beyond useless and completely boring. She's a terrible speaker and she will randomly ask dumb questions that she herself doesn't even know the answers to. Recitation was easy but had lots of busywork (you want an easy grading TA). If you do well in recitation, you can still pull off a good grade if you fail the final. Good luck!
She wasn't qualified to be a good public speaking. Tons of "ah uhm." The final was kind of hard. The recitation wasn't that bad. Good luck to u all. Avoid her if u can.
Her teaching is all over the place and she seems to get off-track frequently, but its only a 48 minute lecture/week and she's very interested in what students think. Just get a good TA and pay attention to the speakers for the final.
Recitation attendance required. Lectures very boring, but you need the notes to pass the final exam. Pay attention to the Hosner model and guest speakers. Got an A before the final (82%), and final grade was A-. Easy A-, but very difficult A (she even tells you this, too). They're changing the book starting fall. It'll no longer be 'Good to Great')
