I really enjoyed her lectures. She explained things well and the TA's also reinforced her topics. While I highly recommend her, don't expect to just nod off in the back of the class to do well. Sit in the front, take moderate notes and also just listen. Math is still tough and you'll have to work hard. Webassign can be annoying as usual but Chegg.
Dr. Taggart is an excellent professor. She clearly explains concepts, often in several ways. Shes willing to answer questions. Shes also passionate about her subject and very high energy and engaging. She does like to make you think on her tests, so dont expect to regurgitate information. Definitely one of the best Math 126 professors.
Professor Taggart is a really nice person. I think it's important to go to her office hours if you get stuck. She will help you as much as she can. Personally I think attending lectures are very helpful, even though her notes are uploaded online. For exams, make sure you do lots of practice exams in the archive and you are good to go!
Taggart's not the warmest person but she taught MATH 126 SO well. Attend class everyday; don't rely on the online notes shes posts because it's what she elaborates in lecture that really makes the difference. You don't need the textbook, the homework load is reasonable, and take advantage of the plethora of previous exams online.
Her lecture is good. But I have problems with the grading on this problem. In the test, it doesn't said you have to show your work, I got the right answer but I got 0/10 just because no work shown. For other problem, got 6/10 for algebra mistake, I asked for regrade, the grader took down points for the time wasted to regrade? WORST GRADER EVER!
A good prof, but really slow for the progress. Plz offer less trivial examples, and offer us the concepts quicker.
Dr. Taggart was amazing. Her lectures were fast-paced, but structured well, and she was always available after class and during study center for questions. She taught only the important parts and never assigned busy-work. Each of the hw was useful in preparing for exams. Final required lots of in-depth thinking. Go to study center!
She has amazing lectures and she gives example that gives clear information about the topics. She provides previous exams that show what she wants on the midterms. Watch out! The final is more in depth and much harder than the midterms, especially when you dont keep yourself healthy. The textbook would have helped with the depth of my knowledge.
Great lectures and lecture notes. Course is well designed and very fair. Webassign questions are often used on the exams so it's good to make sure you remember how to do all of the Webassign questions. If you make sure to attend every lecture, you'll do well.
Very passionate and energetic lecturer. Her lectures are fast-paced but clear and well-structured and she's good at answering questions. The homework can be tough but that's true of pretty much any STEM class at UW. The midterms were actually pretty easy as long as you put real effort into the homework, but the final was definitely harder.
Taggart is very enthusiastic about math and it really shows in her lectures. Test were much more harder than I expected, but it is UW after all. The other downside is that her shoes are sqeaky, but other than that she's great for math 126.
Dr. Taggart is a decent lecturer. If you are planning to take the class I highly recommend looking at her website and following her recommendations such as going over old midterms and finals leading up to the tests. Midterms are decently difficult, but expect the final to be even tougher.
She is funny and enthusiastic as well as being a great teacher. Yes homework sucks and tests aren't great but that is definitely true of any math course here. Her midterms are relatively easy but overall I felt that the class was fair and grades reflected the amount of work put in.
She is a pretty lecturer and also posts good notes on canvas. Her tests are very easy, something you may think is great but since the class is graded in a curve it might not help depending on the type of test taker you are. If you make silly mistakes it might seriously hurt your grade, the averages usually lie around 80%.
I had Dr. Taggart for math 126. She is very enthusiastic and seems to really care about what she's teaching. Lectures are fast-paced so be ready to take notes, best to put your phone away. As long as you follow along and do the homework the tests aren't that hard. Spend time on your notes sheet, make sure it has all the formulas you need.
Lectures are very important although the attendance is not compulsory. Very enthusiastic about the materials she is teaching and the explanation is succinct. Exams are neither too hard or too easy - prepare you well for the final but not too difficult if you really listen to her lectures and understand them.
In the points, vectors, and planes unit it's very hard to visualize what's going on but she did a great job explaining and showing concepts in lecture. She moved around a lot which will help keep you awake. Her voice is kind of annoying.
Dr. Taggart is an amazing lecturer. I've never been good at math but the way she explains it in class is so clear that I actually enjoy and understand what's going on. Your grade is 90% tests 10% homework though, so make sure to not screw up a midterm! 90% on homework automatically rounds up to 100%, so homework is the least of your worries.
Hard class, but she's very funny and explains concepts fairly well. Her tests are pretty tough, so be prepared to put forth your best effort to get a good grade.
She just loves math so much and its so apparent in her teaching. She's always really excited and willing to help you. Yeah, it's a hard class but its multi-variable calculus so thats to be expected
