I'm taking Glenda as my internship advisor and I absolutely adore her. She is super down to earth and understanding and also has a good sense of humor. You can tell she definitely cares about her students and what she does. She made more interested in the field and was supportive in every way throughout.
She uses her college courses to advance her personal political agenda, even in courses without relevance with her agenda.
Dr. Glenda is an absolute charm, and anyone would be lucky to have her. Her lectures are engaging, fun, and great for taking into the real world. Very accessible outside of class, and always has great insight at office hours. Only one paper for the semester, which she gives the prompt for months in advance. Tests are hard, but manageable.
She is probably the worst professor I have had at CU. She is unable to keep her opinions out of lecture. I am not sure what her problem is with police officers, but she perpetrates the war on cops. She also equated people who text in her class to rapists saying texters do not understand boundaries. Unacceptable.
Glenda is the best! She makes the class material so interesting and funny. She offered three opportunities for extra credit (all easy) and is very easy to reach out to.
Glenda is a great and fair professor! She is extremely relaxed compared to your typical prof. This is a pretty easy and fun class to take. Very interesting material and great extra credit opportunities!
Glenda is an awesome teacher. I personally didn't do well in her class but it had nothing to do with her. You are graded on very few things (three tests, a paper, and attendance) so if you do poorly on the test it is hard to get a good grade. Her tests are all multiple choice. You don't know which days she is going to take attendance.
Glenda is a great professor. Her lectures are engaging and she is very knowledgeable about what she is teaching. She is a very fair person, if you take the time to go to her office hours with any problems she is very accommodating. Definitely do the readings if you expect to do well on the tests.
Take SOCY 1004 as an August semester, it is a lot of reading but it's interesting so it's not too hard. The test are straightforward and she gives out a study guide. Going to lectures are super helpful for understanding the theories and concepts. You can go into office hours if you need extra credit or if you want her to edit your papers.
Glenda is funny, compassionate, and engaging. Her class is not easy but what you put into it, you get out of it. She is very approachable and tries her hardest to offer extra credit, office hours, etc. The grading is a little harsh. Class is reading-heavy, but not impossible if you know how skim for important ideas. I'm happy I took her class.
Do not take a class with Glenda. Her lectures are vauge, however, she demands you know an infinite amount of information for the test. She even admits to trying to trick you on the test, making them very very hard. She will give you a study guide but it has 60+ broad questions. She can be funny at times, but it is not worth the bad grade and work.
If you want to be entertained take a course by Glenda Walden. I didn't read at all for this class and ended up with an A. She offers lots of extra credit opportunities and if you go into her office hours she is always super helpful. I was NEVER bored during her lectures, and that is saying a lot.
Glenda loves what she teaches but is a tough grader. Her lectures can be entertaining, but she was far from my favorite professor in the SOCY dept. This isn't a mess-around class.
This was just an internship credit course and she was simply grading papers on my experience but she is pretty scatter-brained. She's really nice and definitely wants to help. I met with her several times and she called me by a different name every time which made me feel really weird. But she gave me great sources for my lit review!
Glenda is the best teacher I've ever had, hands down. Class material is engaging and she keeps everything interesting. You'll be laughing one minute and then be  questioning your entire existence then next... Anyone deciding on taking a class with Glenda and is reading this review should look no further than the enroll button.
She's a fun lecturer but in this course specifically you learn nothing in class. Everything about your grade lies in the hands of a few papers and she has a 3-5 sentence rule for quotescitations. All about readings and no room to have your own opinions because its all based off how you can relate to readings.. its consciosuness.. that doesn't work
Glenda is a tough grader and can go off on tangents every now and then, but she's also very accommodating and does a great job of making her classes interesting.
I think Glenda is hilarious. She provides really funny and relatable examples for all of the material she presents in lectures, which is so helpful. She is very easygoing which creates a more relaxed classroom environment, and yet, she still has very high grading standards and makes you work really hard. Her classes are certainly not boring...
Glenda is amazing, Her classes are always awesome!
Glenda is wonderful. Hilarious and helpful she made me want to be at every single class
