good
There is a lot of reading and even more drawing. The book is needed and will help a lot with the illustrations. Everything she you need to do is written in the syllabus and on canvas. It was a little boring for me but that's because the topics didn't interest me. Easy A if you put work into it.
Dr. Johnson and Reynolds was one of the finest professors I took first semester of college. For anyone with even a remotely passive interest in geology, the HW + concept sketch exams are a breeze (though they are admittedly time consuming). Attendance isn't necessary to pass, but you should go anyway because the lectures are incredibly interesting!
Professor Johnson is such a sweet person, but the structure of this class was not enjoyable for me at all. Every test is memorizing 12-25 pages out of the textbook word-for-word including diagrams. On the day of tests you get a blank sheet of paper and have to fill both sides with drawings and writing answering 2 out of the 25 concepts. VERY HARD
She was very energetic and always engaged with the class not a lot of homework was given out either.
I didnt actually have Johnson specifically, but I did have Mara, one of the TAs. She was super helpful and was always available to give you any pointers that you needed. If you actually come to class and work with your partners in the lab, this class should be an easy A. and thats coming from someone who is terrible at science.
I have taken upper level philosophy classes and they dont even come close to this lab! Seriously the hardest, most time consuming, thing ive ever done!! Im an jr in college, please take my advice and pick another lab if you need this for credit, or at least a different professor!!
Professor Johnson seems like a nice lady, but this course is crazy. It was way too much work for it to be a level 100 course. If you're just wanting to meet your science gen credit, STAY AWAY. If you want to be an expert in Geology, this one's for you!
I would go to WAR for Julia Johnson. Anyone that gave her a poor rating has never actually sat down with her. Shes easy to find outside of class, and she clearly cares so much about her students. Everything you need to do to pass is easy, just tedious, and if youre struggling, GO TO OFFICE HOURS. Shell make it easier w/o being condescending.
I had Julia as one of my professors so SES 121. She took the time to get to know all the students in out lecture and remembers me when I see her a year after I've taken her class. She really cares that students learn and gives you all the tools and information to get an A in her course. The amount of work is perfectly reasonable.
ABSOLUTE RUBBISH for a 100 level class. So disappointed
This is a 1 credit, 100 level class that requires anywhere from 7 to 10 assignments a week. Its insane! Awful class, dont take it! She takes a super easy course and forces entirely more assignments than necessary. This 1 credit course requires more work than all of my 400 level courses. What a waste of time and money.
If you know something about Geology I would take this class. Tests and homework clearly defined. Professor ALWAYS got back to me right away. I know nothing about rocks and will never use this class in my life. The class was a struggle for me. There was a lot of homework. If you are halfway decent or have time to study, professor is super nice
The actual class was not as hard as the lab. The class itself was a lot of work but I got an A. The lab, on the other, hand, is just silliness. Had to buy a lab manual, the book, and none of the information given was helpful. Try to avoid this class if possible, otherwise be prepared to find other helpful sources because this class is not helpful.
This was the worst class I have taken in my entire college career. Its a 100 level class so I don't understand why they tried to make it so incredibly hard. This class was harder than all of my 400 level finance courses and took 10x the amount of time. 100/10 do NOT recommend this class. Barely scraped by with guessing
Feedback was given on only two assignments the entire class, which, without counting was at least 40+. If you have a chance to take this lab in person do so, I hope I never have to take a lab online again.
From an honors student in engineering: DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS ONLINE. 101: TONS of reading and quizzes (extremely time consuming), 3 chapters due every 10 days, mind numbing. 103: 3 labs due every 10 days, very very time consuming!! Absolutely do not take lab online. They grade 10x easier in class vs online. This isn't a joke, don't take this class
GLG101 was a breeze, the actual GLG103 Lab was nearly impossible to do. The lab manual that you had to buy for $20 is mandatory and absolutely worthless in regards to information. You are expected to identify rocks based on the picture. Pinpoint and draw the exact locations on a map. You will end up buying chegg if you want to pass but not guarante
Geo101 was time consuming, but doable. Geo103, the lab, is incredibly impossible. The workload is heavy for 1 credit. The material provided were inefficient for the questions asked. Virtual Field Trip, multiple written assignments, Videos didnt always work &amp; Ive tried multiple computers. I never want to see Geology again. A in Geo101 C in Geo103
I took this class going of this rating on ratemyprofessor...I highly regret taking this class. Her overall 101 class is a lot of work; however, if you put the time in to skim through the book you can get an A in the class... The hardest part is easily the lab. The lab modules are so difficult and literally makes no sense. A in 101. C in 103 Lab.
