Easy class and interesting lecturer. Go to class for poll everywhere. Free textbook is a plus. Tests are easy and lecture is clear. Lots of points available. Quiz section was kind of a waste of time. I recommend the Psych writing center for finalizing the research paper.
Dr. Culligan was very inspirational. Was there a lot of reading? Yes. Was the lectures long? Yes. Boring? No. Was she stunning? Absolutely.
Ann is very clear about what assignments are due and how they will be graded. She might come off a bit blunt, but is a great lecturer. I learned so much and appreciated the annotations she gave during her lectures. As a class, PSYCH257 is super interesting and a good choice for an elective. DO THE READINGS!
2 midterms 1 non-cumulative final. PollEv for participation pts (need right answer) and free txtbook for the class. Content is boring but prof is fun, and records lectures. 1 outside paper due in increments throughout qtr, relatively simple. Quiz sections actually help teach content.
Awful
This Professor is ridiculous.
Dr. Culligan is a super fun professor. She's energetic (even at 8:30 in the morning) and she seems to really care about what she's teaching. She teaches kinda fast and in classes with a lot of material (psych 202) it can be kinda hard to keep up, but in general, if you study a decent amount, it's doable. I recommend her if you love psych!
The hardest class I ever took was psych202. I got lucky to find a great study group after the first exam. Professor cares about her students learning and is available outside of class
She does talk fast, but it's hard to blame her because there's a lot of material to cover. If you attend lectures, take notes and pay attention, you won't have trouble scoring well. The way she does poll ev is kinda annoying though because she doesn't give warning for when she locks the poll. Overall not bad though
She makes subject matter interesting and tries to really engage with it. She sometimes overdoes certain topics, but overall knows what she is doing. it's easy to get a good grade if you try to but also easy to do bad if you skip class
Very energetic, sometimes to the point where she moves too fast to keep up. Good news is the lectures are recorded, so you can go over anything you miss. Make sure to have thick skin, she can be very condescending if you don't get every poll question correct. Be sure to show up, poll EV participation makes up a huge portion of the overall grade
The worst teacher I had in UW. She didn't prepare for the classes, no logic, just scattered aroud. Funny tones, speaking fast. DON'T TAKE HER CLASSES.
The only thing that really sticks out to me is that Dr. Culligan talks SO FAST. It's so hard to catch what she says because she doesn't even stop to take a breath. I would definitely recommend taking this class with a different professor.
I initially took this class because everyone told me it was an interesting, easy A. Don't get me wrong, it was an easy A, but I just don't think Psychology is my cup of tea; at least, not the way Culligan teaches it. She drags ON and ON and makes you despise the content SO MUCH that you get sick of it. I suggest you take it with someone else.
Dr. Culligan is an amazing professor! Her lectures were filled with examples and even guest lecturers to enhance your understanding of the material. Let's you keep exam questions so you can study for the final! :D
I LOVED this woman. I've rarely had a professor that I respected so much. She knows how to teach the material and is super excited to teach it to her students. She is a little over the top, but that just made the lectures interesting and dynamic. Highly recommend!
Assigned over 250 pages worth of articles in the last two weeks that were going to be on the final. Doesn't respond to students in regards to grades received. Lectures are virtually obsolete but you get forced to go because of poll questions. Leaves poll questions open for two seconds so be careful on your bathroom breaks
She's amazing, one of the funniest professor I've met. Her lectures can get a little dry but she tries her best to make it fun and worth while. A lot of reading and midterms, but it's all ok if you study hard.
Lectures always went longer than needed, was dismissive to student questions, and she never gave us an adequate amount of time to finish our poll everywhere questions IN CLASS.
She would miss class contents, whereas the tests would still cover that.
