She's alright but she should really get some new pens. Her handwriting isn't the best and she uses markers to write which just makes it worse to read through the projector. Is always shushing the class even when no one is talking. Always starts class a minute before class time. Isn't the greatest but I just needed to get a good grade and I did.
Hand writing is horrible- can't read it. Goes very fast. Ended up with a 3.0. She is an average professor.
goes fast on notes &amp; will get through at least 3 or 4 lessons done in lecture, doesnt stop for questions &amp; handwriting is pretty hard to read, so if you go to lectures you have to actually listen to what she says. webwork &amp; quizzes are super easy &amp; your best bet is to stud at least two days before an exam
Lol, terrible teacher.
Powers is an alright teacher, but Math 103 is an awful class. Who thought it'd be a good idea to throw kids who failed the placement exam in a lecture hall where you can't ask questions? Powers goes through notes extremely fast &amp; doesn't care if you understand the material. The quizzes and webwork aren't too bad, but the exams are MUCH harder.
Professor Powers was a good math teacher! You should go to class, because her lectures are pretty dense and she goes through the material very quickly. The first two tests of the semester were the hardest and the last two were the easiest. The homework is tough and WebWork based. She usually assigns one set of 10 homework problems every week.
She's really nice and caring, and even brought us candy before exam week. Even though she goes pretty fast, her lectures are okay and easy to understand. You're given lots of recommended problems to do in the book and actually doing them will help you understand the material on the tests which aren't too hard if you pay attention and go to lecture.
She's a great professor, gets things taught efficiently. She refers to the class as "boys and girls" but not really in a condescending way. You'll have a TA to teach your recitation and grade your tests and quizzes. Powers makes some quiet jokes and plays them off, that's really funny if you pay attention.
Granted I'm not the best math student to begin with, but this class wasn't easy. If math isn't your strength be prepared to work hard in this class to get above a 3.0/3.5. Powers isn't very approachable and isn't enthusiastic about answering your questions. She comes to lecture, dictates the notes, and thats that. You'll have to work hard for a 3.5
She explains things pretty throughly most of the time, but sometimes she goes super fast and then super slow. She is really moody and you never know how she will act. She has yelled at kids for asking questions and is constantly saying "be quiet" when the classroom is silent. Overall a pretty easy class, but she isn't the best.
Explains things in detail
She's overall a really good and in-depth professor. She really assists and go over material with you if you are having trouble with it. Exams are pretty much similar to what you've learned in class, just attend the class and you'll be good.
I'm not a fan of math by any means, but with the right teacher you can do very well. Professor Powers is a good teacher, but I didn't hardly show up to lecture, so I did pretty poorly in her class. Not a good idea to skip, otherwise you'll be scrambling as I did. Great professor, though she is slightly belittling.
Great teacher, she'll go through an specific topic and explain it thoroughly. She'll joke sometimes and try to make math a little less tedious. Overall, she made math interesting and fun.
Attendance isn't mandatory for lecture, but is for recitation. Being a math class, lectures are extremely important. Lessons are put up online and you should print them out before the lecture. You take notes the whole time and she makes the work pretty clear. Easy to 4.0 if you put forth the work. Do the homework problems before quizzes &amp; exams.
Lost of people are quick to judge due to her niceness. If you attend to class and pay attention you'll get an easy A. She's pretty funny and tries to have a stress free class.
The class is hard (coming from a non-math person), 5 credits, 5 days a week. But, Powers is great. She is very clear, makes the best of the huge lecture situation, and obviously cares about her students doing well. She understands math is not easy for everyone and would explain every step of of every problem -  no one was ever confused due to her.
While Mrs. Powers is very good at explaining math, she treats students like they are little kids.  She regularly calls students "boys and girls".  She also tends to baby-talk and she doesn't use the correct terminology all the time.  Exams are a lot harder than the quizzes but there are a lot of help rooms available!
Her lectures were really good, she was very clear and knew how to explain the material. If you listen close enough you will catch an unexpected joke, which always gave me a good laugh. I dont recommend that you ask questions during the lecture though, I have seen her lite a couple kids on fire. But overall really a nice teacher.
Mrs. Powers is a fantastic teacher, this is coming from someone who HATES math with a burning passion. She made it much easier to understand and he explanations are always very clear. She loves what she does and I think that translates into what she brings to class. :)
