Dr. Nerz is a really great teacher. She's available for office hours pretty much all the time. It's not an easy class, but she curves the tests heavily. If you put in the work you shouldn't get lower than a B/B+. She suggests reading Klein but I would just use that as a starting place. The problems in Klein are MUCH easier than her exams.
A gem of not just the department, but the school. It was a blessing to take orgo with her! You'll still have to put in work because it is orgo after all, but she will help you every step of the way. Above and beyond. A superhero. Make sure you go to lectures(!), recitation, and office hours!
Most talented organic chemistry professor. Very clear &amp; fair about grading, expectations are clear, open and supportive to different study methods. Made organic chemistry fun.
Absolutely one of the kindest professors I've had thus far. She's very accessible outside of class (she even has office hours on Saturdays!) and very understanding about illness/personal emergency. There's also not a lot of homework for the class. Her tests are curved, and she offers extra credit. However, her syllabus is a little hard to read
Dr. Nerz is amazing. I never found myself bored in lectures; time flew by. She really cares about all of her students and she's pretty much always in her office ready to help when not teaching (even some Saturdays!!) Dr. Nerz is an incredible woman and she made orgo fun!
Amazing woman, yes, but her personality goes into her teaching. She's not afraid to be a little kooky,  can be disorganized at times but will really try for you to understand the concepts. And coach you through the course so that you do  well. She is extremely devoted to students, and we love her.
She spends so much time in her office, and is always glad to help students out with any questions. Her tests are very long, but she is a fair grader and gives a lot of partial credit. Overall an amazing teacher, would recommend.
Though she tends to get off-track often, and the class ends up being behind, Dr. Nerz is always trying her best to help students learn the material. She has a ridiculous amount of office hours - some are even on Saturday. She provides lots of materials for students to work with. And, she is very generous with grading.
Dr. Nerz is a wonderful and supportive teacher. Organic Chemistry is seldom easy, but she made it engaging and understandable. If you get lost or stuck, she has TONS of office hours, and is ready to help you however she can.
Dr. Nerz teaches Orgo, which is obviously a very hard subject. But she wants every student to pass/get good grades and will help you. She even has office hours on Saturdays! She is encouraging, she even sent us "words of encouragement" after our first exam telling us that it gets better and it's only the first test!
She is a passionate and engaging teacher. It's hard to make organic chemistry easy, but she makes it 10x more bearable! I cannot recommend her enough.
I have watched her videos on online and she does such a better job in teaching NMR spectra. Best and better than my professor who CANNOT teach organic chem!
She is one of the greatest professors i haver had. She loves organic chemistry and goes above and beyond to help everyone in the class.
Dr. Nerz-Stormes is seriously the best professor I have ever encountered. We are so lucky to have her as part of the chem department. She has copious office hours, is the sweetest lady you'll ever meet, and truly understands organic chemistry and wants you to too. She really encourages students to come and see her and provides very clear coverage o
