Such a good professor, tells lots of stories so its easy to connect the material to the stories when it comes time for exams. Exams are decently difficult but not horrible, just study.
Her class is honestly one of, if not the, best classes I've ever taken. As long as you reach the chapters and GO TO THE LECTURES and take notes, you'll easily pass with an A. She's hilarious and makes sure that the class is never boring. I always find myself listening and paying attention because her class is that engaging.
Dr C was really funny and her lectures are really easy to pay attention to. Her tests are kind of hard but nothing extreme. One hw per week
This was the best class I have ever taken, Dr. C is really amazing. She's an amazing prof, and she really cares. Her teaching style makes it super easy to learn the material and retain it. We did have an online textbook (FREE!) but I honestly read it one time and I still passed the class with an A.
This was the best class I have ever taken, Dr. C is really amazing. She's an amazing prof, and she really cares. Her teaching style makes it super easy to learn the material and retain it. We did have an online textbook (FREE!) but I honestly read it one time and I still passed the class with an A. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TAKING THIS CLASS!
Dr C is a very engaging and friendly professor. She is clearly very knowledgeable. However, I found that her psych class was much more difficult than other psych 101s, meaning I did much more work than my other friends who had different professors. Lots of work but she makes it enjoyable. If you're looking for an easy A in Psych 101 this isn't it
I LOVED Dr. C! She is is very good at giving you the right information in an enjoyable way. She has amazing stories. Honestly take her even if you're not a psych major. The homework is just enough that it's not overwhelming
Dr. C is an amazing professor! Her lectures are captivating and fun. If you pay attention in class and keep up with readings, the tests are pretty easy (and she drops one of them). I would definitely recommend taking this course
Dr. Cavanaugh Toft is the best professor I have ever had. She is so reasonable, hilarious, and helpful. You can tell that she is an expert in her field. I looked forward to her class every day because she makes the content so interesting and fun. The way she teaches also makes it really easy to remember the information. Take her classes!!!!!
Dr C is awesome! I really liked her Abnormal Psych class. She doesn't post her lectures, so going to class is a must, but the time goes by quickly. She shares a lot of funny stories too which helps you remember the content. Your grade consists of exams and 10 easy assignments (lowest one is dropped).
Dr. C is by far the best prof I have ever had, in both the psych department and in SOLS. She cares about students, truly. She wants us to succeed. Her lectures are not mandatory, however, she does not post the lecture slides and will include questions from material only mentioned in class BUT Go to class- its entertaining and educational.
I loved Dr. C's class! She puts thought and effort into her lectures, and she will answer questions to make sure concepts are as clear as possible. She regularly schedules office hours with herself and TA's so students have plenty of opportunity to ask questions if needed. She tends to have a story for everything, they always apply to the lecture.
She is a really awesome professor! The textbook provided with the class is for free, and you only need to purchase a $5.00 app for attendance. There is a lot of material to learn, but she has review sessions and study guides to help out. She also offers a lot of opportunities to gain extra credit. If you work hard, you should get an A.
Wow! She is one amazing professor. If you show up to class you'll get 15 extra credit points. She's offers a free online textbook. Attendance is MANDATORY. No laptops or technology allowed during class. Four tests, lowest test score is dropped.12 easy assignments, tons of outside resources available. Really easy tests!
Dr. C is amazing! Her lectures are so funny and so memorable! She gives skeleton notes so you dont have to hastily write down everything from the lecture. She gives study guides before each test that really REALLY! the textbook is online and free so thats a positive! If you don't go to class though you will have a tough time.
She is very funny! But if you dont go to class you will not pass this class! She is a tough grader but you will not get a lot of homework. Get ready to read the online text book. She also gives a lot of extra credit out. No group projects ever. Her grading is not very clear but you can figure it out. Doesnt give much feedback.
Really great, fun, and engaging lectures. I always look forward to going to this class. Read the online textbook and take good notes to pass, the tests are very straight-forward and there are always opportunities to get help during office hours. Wouldn't take PSY101 with any other instructor.
Dr. C is a fantastic professor! Her lectures are really engaging, and the class is enjoyable. The tests are multiple choice, BUT the content can be tricky sometimes. Overall, you really do have to read the online text book and study in order to get the grade you want. I highly recommend taking this class with her!
By far she has been my favorite professor. The class and assignments are all fairly easy, but the tests... not so much. On the bright side, she drops your lowest exam grade at the end of the semester. She has AMAZING lectures that are hard to find boring. She really engages you in the class and makes things easy to understand. Just study for tests!
She is awesome! So funny and you can tell she's really passionate about the subject. Makes the class super interesting, I never want to miss class. She plays a fun song before every class. Very encouraging. She likes to put jokes in the exams. Quizzes are not regular, if we have one it's once in a blue moon and online.
