Dr. Edens is funny, but she gets off topic really easily and will spend too much time talking about subjects that have nothing to do with the class. Her tests are awful because they're in the either-or format. Basically, most of the answers are right you just have to pick the most right one. 4 tests, 1 assignment. Would not take again.
You NEED to take Dr. Edens just for the experience. She is super funny, very relatable, welcome and open, everything you could ask of a professor. I highly recommend her, she's just truly the best. 3 exams, 1 final. You have participation quizzes once a week + a paper. Take note of anything she particularly points out!! - you will be tested on it
Shes a nice lady and funny prof, but her tests are awful. Theyre multiple choice but you have to pick the most right choice. And shes unorganized so you have to do a lot of preparation outside of the class.
Dr. Edens is the best thing that has happened to TAMU! She's incredibly funny and super nice. If you do what she tells you to do (like read the textbook) this class will be an easy A. Honestly though, the only reason you need to read the textbook is because psyc is too broad to fit into 50 min lectures so it's not like she's making you work.
Three exams + final, non cum. Two essays, easily graded just do everything listed in the instructions. You may have to read the textbook because some exam questions are derived from there. Easy going, easy A. She is funny. This was the first PSYC 210 that she taught and she is actively trying to make it harder for next semesters.
The class isn't hard at all and Dr. Edens is so fun and caring. The class is interesting. If you go to lecture and read your book, tests are easy.
Professor Edens was an okay teacher. You had to show up to class to do well in the course. The textbook is needed since a lot of questions on the exams come from the book. Final isn't cumulative with helps.
Take her! You will not regret it - she is one of the best professors at A&amp;M and you will be so happy that you took her class :) Exams are straightforward, gives attendance quizzes and is overall awesome!
One of the best! Super sweet woman, really makes class interesting. She does random attendance quizzes but her lectures make you actually want to go to class. Pretty easy grader as long as you clearly do what's stated in your papers (there's only like two).
LOVE HER - she's such a passionate teacher and loves to share knowledge, advice, and funny stories or news articles that are relevant to class. I would take her again for something else if I could. 10/10 recommend. Some textbook reading is required for the test but she mostly tells you what pages to read. I love going to her class!
She is so inspirational!! I love listening to her lectures because she is so interesting and I actually learned a lot. Highly recommend her.
Professor Edens is a GEM. She is passionate about the course material, and it shows in every lecture. (She's funny too!) You have to attend class if you want to get an A, but she makes each unit so interesting that you really will want to be there. Attend class, take detailed notes for exams, and you'll do well. I would take her again if I could!
Pammy is the best professor I've had at A&amp;M. She is hilarious and her lectures are so interesting that I always wanted to go to class. The tests can be pretty tricky, and you absolutely have to read the text book. She gives weekly quizzes to help boost your grade, but she literally gives you the answers so its not hard at all. Seriously love her!
She gives amazing lectures that are very interesting and she tells funny anecdotes for the class. She also tells you a lot what she will definitely test on. I ended up barely getting an A in the class, after not doing well on the first test. You HAVE to read the book. She also gave some extra credit which helped a lot, but only on Fridays.
I started this class a week behind due to add/drop and I feared that I wouldn't catch up. I ended with an A that I worked really hard for, but it wasn't't unattainable. Make sure to read the textbook for exams, and go over her powerpoint from lecture. She is a great prof who cares about her students so much that I am taking her again this fall!!
While shes definitely one of the harder Psyc professors, shes fairly easy and fair. I didnt go to class at all, only for the exams, and I ended up with a C. This is okay for me because I had more pressing classes to go to. However if you plan on skipping class all the time I encourage you to search for another easier prof, if not, shes solid!
An actual angel sent from heaven. She's funny and always willing to help you with whatever concepts she's teaching about. Study for tests, but just pay attention in lecture and you'll get an A. She's funny and going to class was genuinely enjoyable. She's actually the best, take her and you won't regret it!! My favorite prof for sure.
Great prof, tests can be tricky but if you know the material you should be fine. I looked forward to going to class bc the extra credit opportunities and fun lectures. Has kids our age so is very empathetical but at the same time is pretty tough to reach over email so your best bet is to ask any questions you have right after class.
Prof. Edens is great. You will definitely have to work (read, study) if you want an A, but it is do-able. She is very sweet and readily available in office hours if you need anything. A few writing assignments, but super easy if you just follow the rubric. Gives quizzes as well as extra credit randomly in class, so make sure you go! Recommend!!
She is a great professor and really cares about her students. You definitely have to read your textbook and the extra readings or you will not do great on the exams.
