Prof. Butler is extremely knowledgeable about the course material. She is very tough, but it becomes apparent that it is only because she cares. She is kind and a great lecturer, so DO NOT SKIP CLASS. Warning though, psets are tough and tests tougher. But work hard and you'll be fine. (Made a solid 15 on a midterm, avg was 30, still pulled an A-)
Her assignments were long, and her exams tough, but that's because she expects a lot from her students. At first, she may appear unfriendly, but as soon as she sees that you're putting in the effort, she will go all out and guide you through the concepts in a way a textbook can not. Overall, and outstanding professor.
Clear lectures; friendly (though tough); knows the material like the back of her hand.
very thorough &amp; tough. homework takes forever &amp; tests are difficult, but students learn a lot
Not clear with math in physical chemistry, nor the practicality of quantum mechanics in the "big picture" of chemistry.  VERY wordy and did not explain concepts well.  Also a harsh grader.  Upper Division had a mean of about a C+ (you had to be above the mean to get a B)
She knows a great deal of physical chemistry theory, but is not clear in teaching and writes in a verbose manner.  This makes her courses especially difficult for anyone with problems in understaning it.  She also grades upper division classes with a mean of a C+/B- (you have to be in the 51st percentile or higher to even hope for a B).
She has huge expectations on what first year chemistry students can accomplish. Her type of teaching method is one reason those who have never taken chemistry before drop out quickly or fail.
She was harsh to the TA's, makes students feel insuperior, and she's a rough grader.
U of C Theoretical Professors should know math.
She doesn't know math.  She also eats her hair when she is thinking, and most find that a gross turnoff.
horrible teacher, takes a bias towards the chem majors that know most of the info already, difficult problem sets that are ridiculous for a gen chem class (more appropriate for an Honors class), unreasonable with testing, grading, and communication is a problem.
Very disorganized, unclear, extremely difficult problems, quite unfair, biased towards the chem majors.... on the upside, she is a nice person outside the classroom.
No Comments
Totally sweet. By the end of every class her ass was snow white from the chalk dust.
What an awesome professor, very down to earth and encourages her students to contact her and not her TA's with questions. Her lectures were clear, interesting and she actually made an effort to know all of her students by name. I took her class in 1999 and I still remember quantum mechanics.
