Do NOT sign up for her online classes if you work full time. It's impossible to keep up and she is not forgiving or lenient in the slightest
Professor clearly has no experience teaching online classes. She specificalpy designed the class to be completed during the hours of a typical work week which makes no sense. Texbook is required and a hassle to access. Grading is vague and sloppy. Prof is difficult to reach, doesn't care about technical difficulties. Unrealistic work load.
Hendrickson is a good choice for chm 113. If you go to lectures and do the work, you will be fine. She has homework assignments for each chapter which are fairly easy, especially since it's graded for completion. Her exam questions are mostly reflected from the homework, practice exams, &amp; optional quizzes. She is passionate about what she teaches.
She loves to hear herself talk and is known to give personal tutoring sessions after hours if you know what I mean.
Dr. Hendrickson is a really awesome professor. She moves really fast in her lectures, but the course material is not too difficult. Doesn't require clickers or mastering chemistry assignments, but she does have chapter worksheets graded on completion. Extra credit on exams &amp; a resurrection final to take the place of your worst out of 3-4 tests.
If you haven't taken chemistry before I suggest you take it with a different professor. Hendrickson goes through topics very fast and there aren't a lot of material to help you with the exams.
She goes over things quite fast, it is very hard to keep up with her at times. She's an interesting and funny person but a confusing and not thorough professor.
Loved the class, she kept the concepts accessible and explained everything wonderfully. She's very accessible outside of class and her office hours are great! She even helped me get a tutoring job! Labs and recitation are fairly easy as well. She really cares about the class.
She's really great. CHM113 online was kind of tossed on her lap at the last minute and so it was a bit scattered, but I thought she did well considering. Really Cool Science is awesome. Best part of the class.
I've taken AP chem, but I've never really understood chem until I took this class. Compared to the other profs teaching CHM113, she is by far the easiest with the least amount of work. Lectures are fast-paced and disorganized, but she knows what she's talking about and applies it to the real world. Look at practice tests and book problems for tests
Her lectures can be a bit disorganized and she goes on tangents a lot. Be prepared to do extra reading and book problems at home. You won't get by on lectures and homework alone. You aren't allowed to take pictures of example problems during class and they're not in the notes, so make sure you write them down during class. Pretty average class
Hendrickson is great! For all the people who say she speaks too fast, that is true, her pace is a little quick at times, but her power points for lectures are always posted online and she offers multiple resources if you're still confused. It's a lecture class; her job is not to hold every student's hand and walk them through the material.
Tests very difficult, homework doesn't give practice for them. Recitation/lab DO NOT align with class so if you arent great at chem you will struggle to keep up with all 3. Talks fast, notes dont give you all material. Book phrases things different than she does. Only take if you are a natural at chem and enjoy great challenges. Nice lady though.
Dr. Hendrickson is an amazing professor. You can tell that she really cares about the subject she is teaching and wants students to succeed in her class. There is very little required homework but she provides a lot of extra resources (book problems, quizzes, practice tests, note sheets) on blackboard in case you don't understand something.
Terrible .She doesn't explain any thing she is teaching. Moves at a fast pace.
Her lectures make you want to pay attention. Shes super funny too. One homework assignment per chapter; past exams and answers posted in blackboard; MUST ATTEND HER LECTURES OR NOTHING WILL MAKE SENSE. She moves pretty fast but doesnt skip over important material. Overall, phenomenal teacher, but the class still required lots of studying for me.
If you want to take CHM394 in Summer, my recommendation is this class should be your only one class due to the work load. Generally, she is fair and hilarious. You can get easy points in discussion section but be careful with the Case Studies. Don't make up scientific facts, she can detect them.
She's a great professor. All of her example problems relate to EXACTLY what's on the exam. She warns you about what sections require more studying, and the only downfall of the class is the complete lack of attendance requirements and mandatory hmwk. No MasteringChem, but study on your own. I could have gotten an A, but I didn't study enough
While she is a very tedious professor, you can tell that she definitely cares about her material and her students. Only having 2-3 days to do class work and quizzes is kinda difficult. I chose to go to online school because I work full time, and it was very difficult to balance this class with my work.
Dr. Hendrickson was awesome! Lectures were really interesting, as was the homework. Class was based on a few reading assignments, and 5 case studies (4 of which are papers and one is creating your own science experiment to do with kids). All in all, probably my favorite and most worthwhile class I have taken at ASU! Take this class!
