Dr. Taylor is a great biology professor. No boring powerpoint presentations; she actually lectures and knows her material front to back. Literally type/write down EVERYTHING she says because it will probably show up on the exams in some form. Her exam questions are tough and thorough; study your notes and you will do fine.
Best professor I've ever had. Took 1114 as a freshman. You need to attend almost every lecture because you get bonus points and midterm questions are created from SPECIAL material covered in lecture (not in book). Be thorough with your lab worksheets and writing assignments. Write down IFAT questions and study them. Review the textbook. I got an A.
Dr. Taylor was one of the best professors I've had at this university. She was very funny and passionate about biology and focused on teaching students to "think like a biologist," which I believe is more useful than facts in a textbook. You'll need to show up to class, but she keeps you on your toes, so you won't have to worry about falling asleep
You need to attend lecture to pass this class. All test questions come from her lectures so make sure you take great notes and write down EVERYTHING from examples to side comments. Tests can be tricky but once you start thinking from her perspective, they become easier. Don't slack on lab either because you want those points.
I really wouldn't recommend this class. Bio 1114 was supposed to be easier than Bio 1113, but I didn't think so. Like others say, her lectures are rather sloppy. She forgets what's on her slides and easily gets distracted which leads her off onto random tangents. However, she is really passionate about biology and helping students, but be warned.
Lecture is SUPER IMPORTANT! You get extra credit for going.  Her tests aren't hard if you know the concepts so that you can apply them.  Highly recommend her study method - outline and make up a fake test, then take it.  When I made regular flashcards I got a B, but doing her method got me A's
I would not recommend Dr. Taylor to anyone. Her lectures are very sporadic and she flies through the material. I will read the book and it doesn't help me on tests whatsoever. Her questions can be very tricky and even after all the studying I have done, the best test score I have received is a 75.
Very unclear and skips around. We would be on one topic then go back to one we previously talked about then skip back ahead of where we were. She expects everyone to think the way she does. The book does not help very much in her class. Though she was sporadic in her teaching methods, the exams were easy. Knowing IF-ATs help your score on exams.
Very passionate about biology, very engaging, and if you go to lecture the exams are not hard. Highly recommend if bio is something typically boring for you.
She's definitely super passionate about biology, no one can dispute that. Her lectures were super energetic. All of her questions come from lecture, so you definitely need to attend. No need to buy the book. Her class was pretty easy for me. Bio1114 is all about the big picture, keep that in mind, and you'll do great.
Dr. Taylor is knowledgeable and passionate about biology; however, her class is SO FRUSTRATING. She expects a much higher knowledge than a 1000 level course requires, and she makes you feel dumb for not meeting those expectations. It's essential to learn her ways, in order to pass. Attendance not mandatory, but points are awarded by answering Qs.
Dr. Taylor can be a little eccentric at times, but it is obvious that she loves teaching biology.  She is funny and wants her students to succeed.  Her exams come straight from the lectures, so read over the notes a few times and you will do fine.
Not only was Dr. Taylor distractible, but she was also just downright rude at times to many students. Makes it tough to participate and ask questions because she may ridicule you for certain answers or questions. Not a great professor and would avoid as she makes the class harder than it needs to be.
Everything in this class had to do with the wording. You have to understand the concept. Lectures are sporadic.
1) You have to attend lectures because every question is off her lecture slides which and what she says 2) You won't have enough time to write everything down 3) Reading the book won't help much  4) Extremely sporadic.  5) Your grade won't depend on how well you know biology, but how well you can interpret her questions 6) Won't help MCAT prep
Terrible lecturer.  Questions are purposefully written to be convoluted.  The lab for this class is quite interesting and fun--lecture on the other hand is what I imagine hell is like.  Avoid at all costs.
I'm not sure about all of the hate she's been receiving. I'm an average student at best, and I loved here class. She's super funny and the lectures are interesting.   Note that you DO have to go to class, and really understand what she's saying. This isn't a "memorize and get by" class. In fact, there is very little to actually memorize.
She is so interested in bio, it's scary. However, she doesn't know how to teach. She goes off topic a lot during lectures and asks about them on exams... Expects you to read chapters word for word. She won't even answer some of the questions asked in lectures... TAs can be really helpful to get through, especially Tony.
Taylor's Biology in Cinema class was an interesting way to get a natural science credit. I did not put full effort into this class and still got a B, which is a good sign of a fair class. She's a pretty good teacher, though scatter brained at times. Tests are pretty tough; participating and doing the rest of the assign's will insure a good grade.
Super interesting professor, really cares about the class. She's such a nice lady
