Grades are based on a number of assignments leading up to one big paper and presentation. Do not procrastinate! The workload is only heavy if you try to complete the entire paper in the days before it's due. It's an easy A but her expectations are confusing. Do not expect a rubric or clear guidelines on how to write the paper or present.
If you are not afraid of lectures that openly discuss sex in detail, you will enjoy. Some of the concepts are boring or "to be expected", while others are fun and inspirational. Exams have very specific questions but the curve is manageable. I did well on the first 2 midterms, bombed the third and got a perfect score, not including extra credit.
It's like a sex ed class, but it's a lot of stuff that isn't taught in standard sex ed classes in public schools, so it's worthwhile. She doesn't hold office hours and will refer you to the TAs for help. I got a 4.0, but I studied for weeks before each exam and the questions were super nit-picky. If you're a memorizercrammer, then you'll be fine.
One of the most entertaining and interesting professors I've ever had. I took Psych 210 as a diversity requirement, and even though I usually am not a big fan of two hour classes, she makes class super interesting and it's never boring. The tests are pretty specific, but all the info you'll need is in the lecture outline textbook (written by her!)
Lectures are so boring, but you have to go for clicker points. Tests aren't bad as long as you review the lecture outlines and read the book. You just have to memorize the smallest details which is kind of tough. Do the extra credit, cause without it you won't be getting over a 3.5
She was really nice and definitely passionate about the material, but her wording was overly complex sometimes and sometimes confusing. She was funny at times though, but the lectures were so long and everything she was saying was in her book for class; practically word for word.
I thought this class was going to  teach me about psychology stuff, however I was wrong. This class was more like a sex education class. The lectures were super long and dry, you won't get a lot of help from the professors because she always referred you to her TAs for questions and et cetera. No finals and you can retake her exams once.
DO NOT take this class! It is all based on memorizing useless statistics and trivial facts. Lectures are long and boring, and tests focus not on concepts, but on very specific details. This class was absolutely useless.
Amazing professor. She is brutally honest about her content (Human Sexuality) as well as hilarious and provides a great environment for education.
Lois is super laid back and awesome. The test are pretty tough though.
One of the most interesting classes, but exams can be a little toughconfusing. Attendance is mandatory (have to answer personal survey questions with a clicker each class) but lectures are usually pretty fun. Sometimes you'll have to watch old sex vids and a panel will come in to talk to the class. You learn A LOT about sex that you never knew.
Don't take this class. Killed my GPA, tests are hard, class is boring. All about memorizing random facts
She is a very entertaining professor, really knows what she is talking about. McDermott uses clickers EVERY class, there is usually 5 or so questions, make sure you go. Exams are detailed and I found that I should have studied at LEAST 2 full days. Fridays are either movies or guest lectures without clicker participation, super interesting!!
McDermott has a tendency to ramble on a bit sometimes, but the class is very simple: understand the terms in her lecture outline and you'll pass the class. You also have the ability to get extra credit very easily.
Didn't realize how well she was able to keep our attention on relatively boring topics until she had her TA teach for a week. Tests are pretty straightforward and as long as you memorize basically everything in her Lecture and Study Guide book, you'll do fine--never even touched the other textbook. Definitely do all the extra credit.
The class is really awful. She is one of the worst professors ever... the class should be taught to a smaller group. The way she teaches...
Professor McDermott always knows her topics and she is happy to help students if they ask for it.  Her lectures are jam-packed with information, and it's sometimes difficult to memorize all the information.
overall pretty easy. clickers for participation, 3 non cumulative midterms, shows cool videos and demonstrations during class and she's funny. extra credit
Probably the easiest Psych 101 professor! Got 3.9 studying a bit on exam week, sleeping through every single lecture, and doing the extra credit. Don't even bother with Passer's textbook. All I did was read and memorize a different lecture book she makes you buy and that's all you needed really. Very boring professor but not a bad teacher at all!
I am a psychology major and found this class useless. Her teaching style would indicate that she isn't actually a psychologist, the class is purely based on superficial memorization. Nothing sticks after the class. Her lectures are boring and painful, tests are RIDICULOUS. The questions are detail oriented and do not address overall understanding
