3 exams, 3 quizzes, 3 lab quizzes every four modules. Overall grade is 45% of exams--test heavy course. Reading is a must. Exams are proctored. You need a webcam. Weekly web conferences--extremely helpful. Wouldn't recommend this course for full-time students. Test-heavy, harsh grading scale. She's willing to help, but the course is tough.
I respected Prof. Janowsky and she definitely knew a lot. Her online class had a lot of material to review, and she was very helpful. HOWEVER, I do believe this is one of the most fast-paced classes I have ever taken. She only gives you a few days to complete hours worth of tests. She also has tough assignments, graded heavily.
This professor is amazing. She is very clear on what will be on the tests. There IS homework, but it is preparing you for similar questions on the test. If you have to take Stats for Psych, TAKE HER!!!!
BEST PROFESSOR. I've never been the strongest at math but she makes everything so smooth. The way she sets up her homework, her lectures and she gives so much practice material. Her practice exams are an amazing guide and are so helpful. She makes her class so seamless. Thanks to Dr.J, I've learned to appreciate statistics and I enjoy the subject!
She is a wonderful professor. At first the course may scare you because she makes you remember all of the formulas but it isn't so bad. She prepares you soo much for the exams. The workload is pretty heavy but it all contributes to how well you do in the course.
She is a great lecturer, funny, organized &amp; cares. My biggest problem in this class and dropped my grade is that it does not seem like you have enough time for the timed exams. She should give 4 exams instead of 3. If you forget something you cannot move on to the next question sometimes. I have never experienced test anxiety until this class.
She's cool but she makes it harder for her students in my opinion. She'll make every answer on the test a possible answer so you have to make sure you know what you're doing 1000000%. Definitely not an easy class and honestly she kind of annoyed me
Seriously awesome. Makes a class that should be extremely hard, something completely doable. Hilarious and assists you in every way possible by giving all the materials she thinks you will need to pass. I suck at math and I got an A+ on every exam. She tells you the exact format of the exam the day before so you are well prepared.
TAKE TAKE TAKE! Class is easy as long as you did the work and follow instructions. Tests are replicas of the practice test. Amazing, inspiring, and hilarious professor. Best class I've taken as UCF by far.
Dr. Janowsky was a really good professor. She was really fun and taught the material very thoroughly, and her lab attendance was optional. Tests and quizzes were pretty straight forward. Only thing to know- she does not post her full lectures online, so you must attend class to get all the notes.
Awesome professor! I was concerned taking this class (I struggle in math), bitnsje is amazing at breaking it down. Weekly live review sessions and always available to help. Shes funny and personable. Perfect choice for those good in math or those who need extra support.
This class is hard because it's stats, but she makes it not as bad and is super funny. She replies to emails super fast, and never seems bothered by students asking questions. This is a class you have to stay on top of things to do well so only take it if you're mentally ready. Mine was online so you have to be disciplined and take time out for it.
Dr. J is extremely attentive and helpful, this is my second class with her and while the subject was hard, her explanations and practice made it super easy to understand. Attending class is crucial to understanding the material and she knows that so she makes class fun each time. I wish I could take every class with her, shes that good.
Janowsky is one of the best math teachers I've ever had. I'm not a math person, but she made it click. Lectures are super easy to follow, walks you through everything, and does everything she can to prepare you for quizzes/tests. Attendance isn't mandatory, but she makes you not want to miss class. Can't say enough good things about her! Take her!
good
I love this class. Dr. Janowsky makes statistics really fun and interesting, and will literally walk the class through how to do everything. There are a lot of grades, lowest homework and lowest lab gets dropped. The practice tests are EXACTLY LIKE the actual lab quiz/test, and I recommend going to class. She's the best and is so funny too.
Wow, professor Janowsky is amazing. I hate anything to do with math but her lectures are super easy to follow, after this class I wanted a minor in stats. She's extremely witty and makes the class upbeat and fun. I would love to take her again, I can't express enough how great she is! Take her!
Although it is not mandatory to go to class, if you miss a class you will fall behind because she is constantly teaching us something new. I was very nervous to take this class but because of her, I excelled. Although there is a lot of homework, the homework is what prepares you perfectly for the exams and labs.
Make sure you read all her modules, watch her videos and read the book. Exams are 60% of final grade and the questions are not very clear. You have 60 minutes to take 50 question on each exam and she uses proctor hub. I worked very hard just to pass. I took this course for a 6 week summer course.
Prof. Janowsky was one of the best profs I've had in my undergrad experience. The outline and structure of the course couldn't have been more organized. Very amazing, very fair. You have to put the work in for this course.
