Dr. Rao definitely had a great personality and was fun to listen to in lecture. A lot of what's in her exams is from the lectures so I'd definitely suggest going to every one. Her tests are a bit harder than others but still passable as long as you put in the work to study for them.
Dr. Rao was very abrasive. I thought her personality and offhand comments took away from the overall value of her class. The content of the class was overall very reasonable, but I never felt that she was a professor you could go to without being belittled. As a teacher, I liked her better than Dr. Kemp but worse than Dr. McKnight.
Dr. Rao was the one of the best educators I've ever had. As long as you participate, she genuinely wants you to succeed. She makes you work for your grade, but as long as you study lots and show interest in biology, she is willing to teach you. I truly recommend her as a professor if you want to learn the material, and she's an awesome person.
She's very approachable. You have to put in work to do well, and Dr. Rao will give you all the keys to succeed.
Pros : No Quizzes, extremely easy homework, posts lecture slides to study, sassy comedic teacher, 6% Extra Credit through participation activity, fair grader and is amazing in office hours. Cons : Tests are difficult and heavily impacts final grade, morning classes are hard to wake up for, and if you slack off she will call you out (It's fair). JC
Prof Rao's course is pretty interesting and easy However, there was a total of 12 lectures in powerpoints, maybe 5 of them were pretty long and had very long homeworks The quizzes are simple some of them even being 3 open ended questions
People complain about Dr. Rao, but if you do the work you should be fine. She's very clear about what you need to know and what you don't. She posts her lecture slides and learning objectives, which she uses to make the tests so go over them. She likes to crack jokes in class, but she also isn't afraid to call you out if you're sleeping.
Dr. Rao is very passionate about biology, which can make the class hard. She tries to make the class fun by cracking a few jokes here and there, but she will get frustrated if you do not participate in class or do not understand something she is covering. She hates when a student says they "do not understand," but SI can really help you with that.
Dr. Rao makes you work for what you want, but she isn't unfair. Her test are viewed to be harder than the other professors, and during class she will sometimes slam the hammer down on us, but she genuinely is a nice person overall. Make sure you study her powerpoint in great detail, she likes to test on specifics. Do-able, but not an easy A.
I really enjoyed Raos class, but you might struggle if you dont have a strong background in Biology. She gives learning objectives that you can use to study for the tests. You have lots of chances to get bonus points. I know you cant choose your TA, but if you end up with Aishat O. then you are blessed. She is the best TA!
Dr. Rao was my favorite prof this semester. Her exams are VERY detailed (SO GO TO CLASS &amp; PAY ATTENTION), but you get a good amount of extra credit. Study IN ADVANCE, you cannot cram for her exams last minute. She's hilarious &amp; very understanding if you go to her office hrs if you're confused about something. Also, don't be afraid to ask questions!
Dr. Rao is a great professor and makes you really learn biology, rather than just memorize definitions and functions. Although at times she can get angry and take it out on everyone, it makes the lecture all the more interesting. I would recommend going to class because there are extra credit opportunities, and make sure to keep up on the readings.
Dr. Rao is obviously very smart and well educated in Biology, but it makes it difficult to learn from her. She is hard to approach and is very crude, and gets frustrated when you don't understand biology concepts. she expects you to know everything before class.
Super easy class. I finished with a 99. Each week is a seperate online module with certain things to complete (discussion and a quiz) or "watch this video and write a 2 page paper". As long as you are on top of things and don't miss deadlines you will get an A.
She's tough but as long as you put in work and go to class you'll be fine. She makes awkward jokes sometimes and goes really fast in her lectures though. You'll probably be better off with Tag but she's a solid prof.
Not the worst. Her tests are challenging, please be aware of that. She can be intimidating but just talk to her during office hours. There are extra credit options so don't feel too defeated. Go to lectures, she tries her best to clarify confusions. Don't let her make you feel invalid, she can be blunt. Go to SI. You can try A+ tutoring. Good luck.
Dr Rao is very honest and sometimes she's really funny but overall this is a really difficult class. You have to read the textbook online and there's weekly homework. You have to go to class to get bonus points from the attendance checks. I had to go to outside tutoring and study a lot to get an A but it's possible if you work hard.
She points out when things in the textbook or powerpoint are not needed. Every thing, including the textbook is online and free. Does surprise attendance checks but you need to go to lecture as she explains exactly what she means. She posts power points online. Go to SI sessions. I failed all 3 tests and got a c because there are many HWs/others.
She is pretty cool when you need to talk to her and what she helps you out a lot but if you don't go talk to her you will struggle
Dr. Rao is very straight forward with what she expects. She is a great professor, but will make you work for your grade. Going in to this class, there were a lot of bad comments about her - but she makes lecture enjoyable with difficult application heavy tests. Would recommend if you REALLY really want to learn the material and not just pass
