She is very nice, but her lectures are very long and they contradict what is said in the text book. Everything was very easy to find on google, the class is not hard. You have 5 exams and she drops the lowest one, but you have pre quizzes and quizzes due before every exam, there were over ten for each exam. She does offer a ton of extra credit
Definitely not a professor I would take again. Her lectures were really hard to understand. She would use abbreviations for everything in her PowerPoints and would never clarify what half of them even meant. She asks questions on her tests that she never even mentions in class. Best advice: use Quizlet.
Take this course!! all of the course assignments are online through the masteringastronomy portal just copy and paste every question into google and you will find all the quizlets!!! you also get 48 hours to complete exams. do not need to purchase textbook because you can just get all answers from google, easy A.
DO NOT TAKE HER!! This class has been a nightmare. She literally doesnt care. She tells you to contact her if theres an issue but then she turns everything around on you and doesnt help AT ALL. She doesnt care if the required website glitches or has errors. She refuses to adjust grades or work with you. Tests are impossibly hard. RUN!!!
The lectures are so hard to sit through. There is also a tutorial AND quiz for every chapter with pop quizzes throughout. I definitely suggest reading the textbook and looking for quizlets to study because that's the only way to actually understand anything. I wouldn't go to class if there weren't pop quizzes.
Out of every gen ed I've taken at UCF, this was by far the most stressful and most difficult. Dr. Montgomery covers material very broadly that you will be expected to know for tests. While quizlet is available for help on some questions, it isn't for the majority and they are always the hardest questions. She's also really standoffish and rude
Big difference between what is said in lecture and textbook, although lecture will have pop quizzes. Chapter quizzes and exams are full of weird trick questions, chapter quizzes not related to chapter. Astronomy is interesting, but tests are way hard. I would not recommend this professor.
Though I love stellar astro, this is the worst class &amp; worst professor I've ever had. Half the things taught in this class were incorrect, grading is biased, the amount of material covered is ridiculous, and the amount of work given is crazy. On the bright side, her terrible teaching job has inspired me to teach this class properly in the future.
She does care for her students in her own way. But for the most part her lectures are boring, she gives too many pop quizzes so if you miss a class you most likely will miss a 15 point quiz. She gives 5 tests. 4 exams and 1 final. She drops the lowest of the 5. Overall she tries her best but the class is way to big
She will nitpick you for every little error you make no matter how small. What normally would not be difficult is made difficult by her high standards. Made a comment on my paper that I should see a tutor because I made a simple mistake. She will say she can't read your handwriting but hers is illegible.
Worst professor at UCF by far. The class was not hard but she made it hard because she is such a terrible professor, I did finish with an A in the class though.
Her discussions are so specific and detailed, very unnecessary and has nothing to do with actually learning astronomy. Makes you take a picture of your signature and upload it to prove its your online work, didn't learn anything all semester.
Really snarky and rude, even in emails. Frequent changes to the syllabus in the middle of the semester. Seems to ignore discussion boards for the most part. Wouldn't recommend for a science GEP credit.
ONLINE ONLY CLASS Communication thru WebCourses/Canvas is very poor/unresponsive and is demeaning. Quizzes on every chapter. Some quizzes allow multiple attempts but she will only count the first attempt. But she plays "dumb" and says the system doesn't allow it. 3 Exams plus a cumulative Final. Thankfully no papers or group projects. Quizlet.
Worst class I've taken so far.  I found the class itself pretty easy, I got an A, but she is so boring and just a horrible horrible lecturer.  She does give pop quizzes so go to class.  I learned nothing the whole semester.
I think Professor Montgomery was a good professor. She is a tough grader on discussions; however, you have more than enough time to make your discussions perfect (about 3 weeks). Exams and quizzes are challenging so if you want to pass you need to go through her power points and really study not just skim the chapters.
Beware of the tests. They are, for the most part, more detailed and extensive than the lectures or the textbook. Also show up to class because she will give pop-quizzes on the fly. Tests and "homework" quizzes (not the pop quizzes) are all online, which I think is a good thing but everyone has their preferences.
I took astronomy because I suck at science. She just rambles during her lectures, and although attendance isn't graded, she does have pop quizzes every few weeks. There were 4 exams,  and a bunch of quizzes before each exam. Many answers can be found online, but then she would have questions 'from class.' Most of those questions she never mentioned
Whatever you do don't take this professor. She is one of the worst I have ever had and doesn't care about the students what so ever. Her lectures are somewhat helpful but there is so much information and she does not give a clear study guide for what will be on the test. Pick anyone else if you need this class. 0/5
I found her to be one of the worst teachers I have ever had, I initially tried to pay attention but she moved way to quickly and went off on crazy tangents. Tests almost never made any sense based off of her lectures but the book helped me pass. If you want to actually learn don't take her but if you want to just fulfill gep with a C or low B do it
