After the first 3 classes I stopped going, professor was confusing and often got off topic. Read the book before doing the practices and you should be fine. Did it completely online, never went to class, ended up with an A. Lets you use a notecard on exams.
amazing teacher. This is not an easy class, therefore you have to study and put in the time for it. Go to the TA, he is so helpful! I read the chapters and went to the TA's office for help, highly suggested. The only reason i didn't get a A in the class is because i slacked off on the last exam
amazing teacher. This is not an easy class, therefore you have to study and put in the time for it. Go to the TA, he is so helpful! I read the chapters and went to the TA's office for help, highly suggested. The only reason i didn't get a A in the class is because i slacked off on the last exam, but easy class to get a B.
Took this course as a lecture capture. Got a B barely. Not an easy course. All the extra credit saved me.. practice exams make a big difference, do those. Class is pretty boring.
Class is boring. But she's willing to help if needed. Tests are hard, but class is mandatory so you just have to get through it.
I received a B in the class because the homework assignments and extra credit are what kept my grade alive. The exams are difficult but similar to the practice tests. DO THE HOMEWORK and EXTRA CREDIT!!!
She is not a bad professor but then again I'm not a professor trying to teach Macro (hard class to begin with) to a bunch of half asleep students. If you can take someone better, do it. If she is one of the only ones, take her.
Macro is a hard class for me but this professor makes it manageable for anyone dreading this class. There is homework that is due, however she will drop the two lowest HW grades as well as the lowest Test score so there is a bit of a cushion. I do recommend her :)
I took her for Macroeconomics and I took her online. She was boring to watch her lectures but they are extremely helpful when doing Aplia (the homework) and as long as you do her practice exams you will pass the exams. She is also extremely nice and helpful.
I took this class as the lecture/live view online and chose to just watch it online. Macro is hard, not going to lie. Unless you're good at it, it will come somewhat easy to you, but you do have to work hard. Aplia (homework) is annoying but a little helpful. Study her power points for the test and practice!
Definitely not an easy A unless you are good with macro. She is  a good teacher but if you tend to get behind in your work then this might be a class to avoid, she moves quickly.
She tries to relate to her students with examples often. Not a bad teacher but sometimes I feel like she is just reading the power points. Take her though, overall good quality!
Prof. E is a sweet woman. While her class is not easy by any means, she is understanding and tries to offer as much extra credit as possible. Everything is mandatory from the book to hw except for attendance. Do all the hw, do well on exams and watch the lectures and you'll be fine.
Such a nice, sweet lady! She really tries to make sure students understand everything being covered in class. The work load is relatively light, but you will have to study alot for the exams to pass. Class is relatively easy if you put in the time !
This was an online class and I went to the available lectures because the website was always down. She is a good professor but her concepts are very hard to understand without having taken AP macro. STUDY A LOT. pay attention and do the homework. you can get at least a B if you try.
If you go into this class thinking it will be easy because you aced Econ in high school, think again. The lessons are difficult for a GEP class, and at the end of the semester I was fighting to earn my B. Euzent herself isn't a bad teacher, but her subject is very dull. FYI: before taking ANY exam, make sure you can ace the online practice exams.
This course was definitely NOT easy. The aplia hw wasn't too bad after watching the lectures but the exams killed my grade. I read the book after the first exam but didn't help. How well you do depends on your interest level. If you aren't a business major &amp; have an option to take another course for the GenEd requirement then go for something else.
Great teacher. Take her class!
Very nice and sincere professor, but her lectures are monotonous. She provides everything online, so spare yourself going to class if you're good at self-teaching. I went to 2 classes the whole semester, read the textbook, and ended up with an A final grade. Aplia is tedious, but complete everything and do the extra credit and you will be fine.
She really enjoys teaching Economics. She was a good teacher but economics is extremely hard. I struggled on the exams but still had a decent grade. If you do the aplia and extra credit you can make a good grade. Tests are kind of tough, you have to study for them.
