LOVE HER. LOVED her class. First class that taught me to think! We didn't just regurgitate her lectures. We actually THOUGHT about stuff. Her lectures are easy to follow, but you'll need to take good notes and ask questions if you don't understand. And tests come from the lectures so attendance is a must.
Terrible teacher, I went to her office hours for help and she pretended to care but when I handed in the project she gave me points off of things that she helped me with. She's tough with grading, makes you know how to spell the names of architects and buildings that are completely ridiculous.
Best professor I've ever had!!! I took her as an elective but she taught me a lot more than just art. Her class consists of mostly lectures but everything she teaches she's passionate about. She teaches in a way in which you are interested and actually understand. I would without a doubt take another class with her!! BEST COLLEGE PROFESSOR!!
HARDEST CLASS I'VE EVER TAKEN. I thought this would be an easy class to take as an elective, this ended up being the class I put more effort into to pass than my core classes. Do not take this class if you'e never taken art history before. It is not easy. She gives A LOT of homework, the exams are extremely hard and the textbook is dreadful!
I loved her! Honestly the most interesting professor iv taken so far. Her classes make you want to hop on a plane and go see all the art in the world. The class is an easy A if you give it some effort. Totally worth it!
HIGHLY recommend for your art credit. I struggled a bit at the beginning with the weekly quizzes, but then I contacted Professor Bauman who very accessible and very helpful in giving methods to improve my grade. She is hilarious and made a gen-ed very enjoyable. She treats students like students. As long as you do your part she will do hers.
Amazing professor, absolutely loved coming to this class and learning about art history when it doesnt relate to my major at all. Shes hilarious and caring. She gives quizzes weekly on tuesdays and there is one big art museum project. The attendance grade at the end can boost your grade from B to an A- so show up!!
Amazing lectures, I have learned so much about Art and its history because of her. I feel like I can share what I have learned with my peers! She is super enthusiastic! Either take notes in class or read the book, some of the quizzes are tough (drops 2). 2 fun projects that involve a trip to DC, not too bad. Attendance is mandatory.
Great professor, inspired me into the world of architecture. as long as you come to each class, write notes, solve homeworks, study the study advice well, you should do really well.
AVOID !!!!!!!!!
Professor Bauman is my favorite teacher. She is so passionate about what she teaches that it makes the class very interesting. She has quizzes every week about previous material. If you study for them, you'll be fine. She has two projects about going to the museum, which was fun. There is no final and attendance matters.
She makes a boring subject somewhat manageable. The quizzes are straight forward. You have to attend class to do well because she does not post her PowerPoints on Blackboard.
HANDS DOWN THE BEST CLASS I HAVE EVER TAKEN AT MASON! I CAME IN THINKING THAT ART + HISTORY WILL BE SUPER BORING, BUT OMG DR. BAUMAN IS A REAL GEM! HER LECTURES ACTUALLY TAKE YOU ON AN ADVENTURE INTO THE PAST! SHE MAKES SURE YOU GET THE MATERIAL! SHE IS SUPER COOL!
I loved Dr. Baumans art history class! She is very passionate about her work and always energetic. There are no exams, just a weekly quiz on the material from the previous week so it is an easy A as long as you pay attention and take notes.
Ok I took this as my art elective class. This was harder than my main core classes. I legit had to study so hard for all the exams. It is not multiple choice so you basically need to know it. She doesn't post PP on BB so you have to come and take word for word notes or else you'd fail the exam. This class stressed me out. need to word hard for grde
Yes, she's super friendly and nice but she's all about getting your money's worth out of this class. Even though this is a 100 level class, she makes it seem like its beyond that. DONT TAKE ARTH. FOR YOUR ART CREDIT IF YOU WANT AN EASY A CAUSE THIS CLASS IS DEF NOT THAT!! Get ready to actually think and make connections GOOD LUCK and PRAY FOR ME
AVOID!!DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS FOR YOUR ART CREDIT!!-ESPECIALLY IF YOUR A MATH/SCIENCE PERSON WHOS USE TO JUST KNOWING THE FACTS!! she makes this class so HARD for a INTRO CLASS!! she wants you to think out side of the box -coming from a student who ACTUALLY tries their best in school
Prof Bauman was really great! I'm not an art person, but this class was very interesting and engaging. If you need to knock out an art elective, this is the class to do it in. I learned a lot and honestly enjoyed it a ton.
She is one of the best professors at GMU. She is so nice and sweet. Lectures were always entertaining and she has a great sense of humor. She cares for her students and was always there to help. Easy to talk to and the class was an easy A if you attended lectures and paid attention. I would definitely recommend her!!
If you are interested in any form of art you will love this class. Professor Bauman has a way of connecting with students and really being able to open your eyes to the world. After taking this class, I look at a lot of things from a different point of view. Would definitely recommend to those who aren't art majors, but it doesn't matter either way
