She is so kind and so brilliant. There's a lot of work in her class, but it's so organized that if you follow her instructions you'll pass the class with no problem. The final exam is hard and long and you should definitely NOT cram for this test the day before. Many do not show up to the lectures, but she gives helpful examples so make sure to go!
Very specific grading criteria, hard class but definitely worth the work, very knowledgeable professor - if you pay attention, you'll learn to keep up with her intelligence.
Leslie's class are not for everyone. Her lecture class is in a packed auditorium, more than 70 people, some even sitting on the ground... She also talks *EXTREMELY* fast, and covers SO MUCH in one class. She's a nice and respected professor, though, if you get to know her. Talk to her outside of class, so she actually knows you.
Wonderful professor! If you're interested in psych, you honestly wouldn't find a better intro to psych class. I loved all the components of the class, including lectures, labs, and written assignments. However, if you're just looking for an easy science class, this one is definitely not for you. Lots of work. Moderate to sometimes tough grading.
Good class, interesting material. Lots of work but clear deadlines, and she gives a lot of second chances to make up quizzes, turn in labs, etc.
Intelligent, enthusiastic professor who really cares and is accessible outside of class, but do not take this class if you are just seeking your science requirement. It's so hard. The final is 45% of your grade. Quiz every week, 3 papers, and 5 labs. HUGE amount of work. Get ready to work hard or fail.
Hard class, but worth the work.
LOTS OF MATERIAL. Regurgitate exactly what she specifies in her instructions for the writing assignments. Weekly quizzes on lectures &amp; lab reports on stats, monthly article response papers (the hardest part of the class). Final consists of a selection of the past quiz questions &amp; a few essays. Lectures aren't mandatory, but they're a good idea.
You have to participate and be into the material. The examspapers do take time and effort, but I didn't find them too challenging. As long as you show her you care about learning about the subject, you'll do fine. She is intimidatingly smart, but also very approachable and clearly cares about her students. Very sweet lady.
Dr. Rescorla is an absolutely amazing professor. She has extensive knowledge of psychological theories, and her clinical fieldwork in developmental psychology adds to her lectures and makes for very interesting anecdotal teaching. The assignments are challenging (15-20 pg papermidtermfinal), but if you're willing to engage, you will learn a lot!
Prof. Rescorla is interested in psych and a good teacher, but I just wasn't that into it. The class is big enough that you don't have to participate and the labs are fairly easy too.
Loved the examples she gave in her lectures. She gave weekly quizzes online but they were super easy and you could just review the slides from the week before you took the quiz. Plus they factored into your grade which was an awesome way to pull up your average.
Tough class. TONS of material. But, she wants you to succeed. She'll email you if she thinks you're struggling. Make sure to space out the work. You CAN'T write a lab report the day before. Final is 45% of the grade, so keep that in mind when studying.
Prof. Rescorla is great! She's a smart, engaging, personable woman and I loved the classes I took with her. However, attendance is super important. Participate a lot! It'll only help you in the long run.
I honestly loved her. She gives about fifty examples for everything and if you have a question, all you need to do is ask and she will explain it until it makes sense. She made the material really interesting and relatable. You definitely need to participate, if you do she will remember your name! My advice? Participate, participate, participate.
I regret taking my intro class with her. She favors students that are familiar with the material already. Not a fan.
She is a really great professor! She is a tough grader but she teaches you all the things you need to know for an intro class ;)
The lectures were awful. She read off from the powerpoint presentations, and then she'd post them on the internet. I stopped going to class after the first few. Awful, awful. The labs were fun, I had fun with the lab with the TA.
She's amazing!  She knows so much about Psychology, has a true passion for teaching and psychology.  She is easy to talk to, extremely helpful, but expects a lot out of her students.
Not a huge fan of her. Hard to talk to and unsympathetic.
