The harder part of bio201 was LAB for me. It's a lot of information so don't fall behind. Take pictures of clicker questions because they are often test questions (aka show up to lectures). She gives you a lot of "filler points" like DB and syllabus quiz and connect assignments so the grade is basically tests and lab so make study groups!
Dr. Washo-Krupps casual style belies her in-depth familiarity with anatomy &amp; physiology. Shes very approachable, has a sense of humor, monitors the msg. board and responds quickly. After many hours of lectures, I appreciate her delivery without ums and uhs. BIO201 is way heavy on homework - forget about an A. Don't drag your GPA down.
Dr. Washo-Krupps is organized, her course schedule is easy to follow, and the course blackboard page was easy to navigate. She was very responsive via email and on the Discussion Board. This is is a hard class, be sure to do all of the extra credit. If you want an A, be ready to spend 30-40 hours per week on coursework. It's a lot of work.
Dr. Krupps is really knowledgeable but the way she teaches A&amp;P gets very boring very fast since he can easily spend several minutes on one powerpoint slide. Homework is online and EXTREMELY time consuming, so start early. Her exams are straightforward if you know the material, but can be really challenging if you don't put the study time in.
Prof Krupps is absolutely a great anatomy teacher. She knows her materials really well but she has a really bad teaching style which means she expect you to RECITE everything you have in the powerpoint. She is not a bad professor she answers when you ask but does not explain. You can basically find every answer from the ppt. NEED LOTS OF EFFORTS.
Dr. Washo-Krupps is a great anatomy professor and very knowledgable. The lecture exam were difficult but if you studied you were fine. She offers some extra credit and has many interesting lectures and tries to tie diseases and viruses into the material for pre-med students. She is willing to answer your questions and will help. Great Professor.
Pretty much everything for this class is done outside of the class. You have to watch videos of the lecture before you attend lecture, which is pretty much mandatory because there are clicker quizzes every day. Clicker questions are repeated on exams which is nice. Uses CONNECT for homework and each assignment has 150+ questions.
Dr. Washo-Krupps is highly knowledgeable and leaves no stone unturned with Anatomy &amp; Physiology. You WILL work hard in this class, probably harder than in most classes, but to ace the course is doable. Absorb the slides; the exams are derived from them. Clicker questions also reappear on tests. If you put in honest, daily work, it will pay off.
Dr. Washo-Krupps has a flipped classroom style, meaning she supplies (extremely useful) lecture videos and uses the class time to go over clicker questions and review important topics. Read through the powerpoints, watch the videos, and review clicker questions to be successful. BIO202 is tough, but she makes it enjoyable and rewarding!
Real talk, this bio class takes up A LOT of your time, but it's definitely doable! Get all the points you can from homework and labs (attempts are unlimited). Also do the extra credit which is a pain but helpful. As for the exams, it may take 3-4 days to grasp the material. I suggest using 1 day to finish all the homework and the rest to study.
The class and lab should be split into 2 courses because that is how much work you have to do. This class has a ton of info and WILL be the class you think about throughout your semester, but if medicine is the route you want to take then I would highly recommend, she is accessible outside of class and gives good feedback. She will test you.
Dr. WK is an amazing professor, especially for such a hard class. I took both BIO 201 and 202 in one summer and the workload was crazy but Dr. WK made it interesting and doable. Her lectures were incredibly useful, but the textbook was still necessary. Very interesting and comprehensive, but work intensive!
MANY assignments due weekly &amp; only worth very little. Exams worth a lot w an exam due weekly on average. Wants you to know close to 150 terms per exam with not enough time to study them AND wants you to know details from the readings rather than big picture concepts. Instructor is knowledgeable but the online course/points are structured horriblyyy
Too many assignments due weekly (10-12 average). Some were really time consuming (2hrs avg) and only worth 10pts, while exams were worth between 75-100. The way the points were structured left really little room for error. There are other instructors w different grading criteria that won't make you feel like you're falling behind &amp; drowning in work
Pro 1. Teacher always has quick response to questions Con 1. minimum of 13 assignments due per week sometimes 2 exams 2. assignments have 50 -200 questions worth low point value 4-10 points 3. Strict proctored exams no time to learn material 4. does not focus on "big picture" concepts, tests on small details, so expected to EVERYTHING!
Very challenging course, especially since it is compressed into 6 weeks. Be prepared for a ton of assignments/lectures. It was a 1000 point class, 500 of it from exams and quizzes. There is room for error, just don't fall behind. I learned a lot, but had to put a lot of time and effort into keeping up. She always responded first to questions.
Great professor. She explains things very clearly. 202 is given in an active learning style. Watch the videos ahead of time and you will make your life a lot easier. Come to class for clicker points. She's very clear about what is expected. Watch the lectures, study an average amount and you can get an A no program.
Summer 6 weeks course. Challenging class. But its a lot of material to cover. I failed every single exam but with all the homework and extra credit I finished with a B. Teacher prepares powerpoints and notes, grades really fast. I think she did great as a professor honestly just get ready to learn. You need to know this stuff regardless
Soooo much work. I understand it is a summer class and everything is packed together but this was way too much. There is so much busy work that is not really needed and it distracts you away from preparing for the exams. Literally, you only have like a day or so to study 100+ terms if you stay on track with everything. Do not take this class!!!!
I took this class in the summer. I understand that because it is in summer it will be harder, that doesn't mean the prof has to be so uncaring. I got a 0 on an exam, I was flagged for not starring at the screen for the WHOLE 2 hours. After I explained my situation and offered to send in Dr notes, I STILL GOT A 0. Worst experience w an online class.
