She cares about you learning how to study, and offers assistance on figuring out a study strategy for you. There is no textbook, but there are 4 small books to read that aren't too bad. Quizzes on each book, with questions about them on the exams. Lectures are structured like she's telling a narrative and she keeps them interesting. Not date heavy
Test come straight from lecture notes, quizzes straight from books. I read none of the books and was able to make B's on the quizzes. Not many grades other than quizzes and test so prepare for that. As long as you obtain the notes from lecture, you'll be fine.
Very good lectures. I'll take her again if I need history
Really straightforward profesor. She genuinely cares about her students and always reminds them of when tests/quizzes are coming up. As long as you attend the lectures and write more than just is what is on her PowerPoints you will do well. Her tests and quizzes are all multiple choice. Tests were slightly easier than quizzes.
Dr. McInnis has THE BEST accent! She makes listening to history fun and engaging. Tests are a little specific but if you take detailed notes and study it hard, you'll be fine!
Sweet professor that offers extra credit, doesn't go too fast in lecture, and helps students who seeks assistance during her office hours. As per the standard of most history classes, be careful about your grades-- if you mess up one exam, you're probably boned. Be sure to read the assigned books as well-- SparkNotes can only help you so much.
Basic lecture heavy class. Not easy, but an easy A/B if you simply come to class, listen, and take notes. Pretty run of the mill difficulty for a school like TAMU. About what you would expect from a required core class. Shes a super sweet lady, lectures are entertaining, and is always available to help outside of class. Definitely would recommend!
I made a mistake and believed everything I read on the internet. Do not take this course if you aren't prepared to listen and write non stop every class for 50 minutes straight. She has little to no grades which really will put you in a bind if you perform badly on one of the exams being that there are only 3 exams. Sweet lady but tests are tough):
I've never been in a history class where I didn't have to write a single paper. Trust me I've never wanted to write an essay so bad. She comes to class, lectures, and that's it. She does the bare minimum. Test are all multiple choice, mostly t/f and each test comes with about 20pgs of notes. You must know all the notes bc it all will be on the test
She lectures a lot of content, so for your exams you will have around 20 pages of notes. For the tests you really need to know all the specifics of the notes. The end of semester paper is a pain and she grades really harshly so make sure you get good grades on everything else. She takes attendance every class and is worth a 1% per absence.
I honestly hate history and Dr. McInnis made it so much more enjoyable. Her lectures were engaging, and she used a variety of mediums to convey information: audio, visual, etc. She really cares about her students' success. However, her tests are quite specific, so you have to work for your grade. Definitely take her!
If you love history, I would not recommend because I didn''t see her inspiring students. She just comes to class and talk. If you just have to take the class, wouldn't recommend neither. Too much reading, you will not know what to study for her exams. Study from notes? it's ridiculous how people go to class and write down and memorize every lecture
Her lectures are so boring. History is much more interesting than that!! Everybody in my class wrote down every single word she says. Idk why people can learn history this way. You have to read four books and most of them are boring. There will be 10 questions she pulls from those 200-page books. Exams are lecture heavy. DO NOT RECOMMEND
Prof. McInnis is incredible! Her upper level history class was an even mixture of lecture and group discussion and she made the criteria and expectations for the class clear. She gives good honest feedback on your writing and doesn't just hand out grades, she requires clear analysis and developed thesis'. I would definitely take her again!!!!
Prof. McInnis is an entirely lecture-based teacher. If you skip class you will miss too much and won't do well. However, if you go to class, pay attention, and take good notes, you can easily rock it. You have to read a couple books throughout the semester, but they're easy reads and pretty interesting. Loved her!
Attendance was not mandatory but exams are from lecture. There is no review so you pretty much have to remember everything she said in lecture, which is a lot. She talked very fast so taking notes was hard. My class had a group google docs that people contributed their notes too which was helpful if you missed lecture or if you wanted to compare.
This is a GREAT prof!! She is adorable. She has a British accent, but it is easy to understand. The tests are based on the lecture so you need to go, and take good notes. She makes history easy to understand, and her book choices are really interesting. If you don't have time to read you can study sparknotes and pass, but dont expect to get a 100
Had 4 books &amp; had 4 quizzes, with no time to read the book. The tests were terrible &amp; with heavy studying there is so much info on each test you can't memorize it all. She talks for the whole damn class &amp; I would have 10 pages of notes per class. She is so boring!!! The tests were hard because she words things confusingly. DO NOT TAKE
Very sweet and clearly cares but the 4 books that are required reading with quizzes based on them count for far too much. I got high A's on all the tests but did not do as well on the quizzes (even though I read the books) and as a result I ended with a B. She is an amazing lecturer and even though history is not my thing I enjoyed her class!
Dr. McInnis is a great professor. I took her this semester and I liked her allot. Her lectures are really specific, there's no textbook use so you must attend all lectures to do good in the class. Beware she talks really fast and her exams are really specific. Overall, she'll be the best HIST professor to get here!!
