I don't regret taking him. I've never taken a physics class, but I only studied lightly for his exams and I've gotten an A and a high B. Three exams with the lowest dropped and a cumulative final. The homework is straightforward and always on Chegg. Lab is an easy A depending on the TA. If you read the textbook and do the homework its a chill class
Non-science major here. Class was titled physical science but we learned straight physics material, a nightmare as you can imagine. Super nice and willing to help outside of class. Homework roughly every class. 4 tests including final, drops lowest, my highest test score was a C+. No review format for any tests. Mandatory online textbook
Hard class for non-science people. If you get go to office hours he WILL definitely help you. I struggled a lot and went to office hours every week. My grades were definitely failing grades because I'm awful at science, but he did everything he could to help. Tons of extra credit and he gave me an amazing grade because I put the effort in. TAKE HIM
Dr. B is very intelligent. You can tell he cares about all of the students and he really does want them to succeed. People are very hard on him but it is a difficult subject. He teaches it well and if people actually paid attention and took notes, they would do fine. His lectures are a bit dry but that is due to the material. He also offers ec.
Tests are extremely hard and have nothing to do with lecture, homework, or any reviews. The textbook that he wrote does not make sense, and this class is not even physical science. This is a physics class. While Dr. B is very intelligent, he expects students to understand him as if they have the same knowledge. Unless you love physics, avoid.
This professor sometimes jumbles up his lectures and doesn't get to the actual material until the last 20 minutes. However, he wants everyone to succeed. He provides extra credit and drops an exam. Go to class, you can skip one or two lectures but he does take class participation. Also, attend the SI sessions and you will do fine on his tests.
He's funny but goes off on tangents a lot / explains concepts you do not need. The class is basically all physics with some chemistry concepts thrown in. The exams often ask about things that were not in lecture or in the book, so not easy. You need the book though and he posts lectures on youtube after class but don't skip, there's participation!
Be prepared to remember concepts and attend lectures regularly. He is honestly pretty funny but the material is harder than I expected, more like physics. The homework is easy with plenty of attempts and he is very responsive to student questions through canvas. If you are not good with concepts and SAT style exams, I don't recommend, but I did ok.
BEWARE NOT CLICKBAIT!!!!!! This physical science class is actually 100% physics. He has a PHD and does NOT know how to explain any of the material, you have to teach it to yourself. He makes you buy his textbook but nothing about it makes sense, but you have to complete reviews from it for a grade. Please dont do this to yourself dont take this!!
I advise anyone considering this class not to take it. He makes you buy a $90 textbook with no practice problems and clear grammatical errors in the writing- which he wrote himself. Lectures make no sense and you have to use an iClicker. Thinks hes funny half the time but really not, just annoying. Tests are hard and worth 80% of your grade.
Very vague and just simply doesn't teach what he puts on his tests.
Do not take this class!! I went to every lecture yet my clicker q's grade says I was not there. The lectures are pretty much impossible to follow, my notes were the most disorganized because he talks as if everyone knows physics already and would go off on tangents constantly. No formula sheet yet we have to hunt for 20+ formulas for tests
Ive never had to withdraw from a course until taking this one. Theres always a lot of homework, the final is worth 40% of your grade, the tests cover topics that have zero correlation to his lectures, &amp; he even writes the textbook himself so its hard to even teach yourself. Hes a sweet guy and everything but the rigor is ridiculous. Dont do it
Dont take this class. The lectures are hard to follow because he goes off on rants about unrelated topics like every 5 minutes. The homework isnt much better because he tries too hard to be relatable instead of understandable and loads the questions with unnecessary nonsense. If perpetual confusion is your thing then go for it.
He gives opportunity for bonus points, and drops 1 out of 3 midterms. Lectures are posted online but its best to go to class for participation points. What he talks about in class is what he tests you on. He doesn't try to trick you on exam. He can be a little feisty, but it seems like he means no harm and wants you to succeed.
I took Dr. B for Physics 2 in 6 weeks for summer B. Although the class was fast paced I enjoyed taking the class and it was very doable. He was very understanding that the class was a summer class and he did not make our exams ridiculously hard. He gave us MANY bonus point opportunities. He may seem mean but if you talk to him after class he's nice
I took him during summer B. The class was 6 weeks and there were hiccups. He sometimes treated staff poorly and would loose his temper over small things. Overall I stayed out of his way and spoke to him after class. If you attend class and do well on HW and lab it would be hard to fail the class. Good amount of extra credit and good grading scale.
Took him for the 6 week Physics 2 course and I honestly enjoyed him, he's not as bad as people say. By just coming to class I was able to learn so much, not many professors actually teach they normally just read off powerpoints. Also he gives a good amount of extra credit. Overall its hard to fail this class, unless you just put 0 effort.
Professor Brueckner is honestly the most disrespectful professor I've ever had at UCF. He makes a difficult class even harder by being disorganized, rude, and disrespectful to everyone that comes in contact with him. He refuses to answer questions from students and you can tell he does not care if you pass or fail. Borderline harassment.
The rudest and nastiest professor I ever had. He insults students and gets away with it because ucf would never get rid of him. Yes you may pass his class but look forward to mental abuse.
