One of the first few weeks of class he quoted Trump, and I was immediately turned off. Hard to want to learn from him after that. Regardless he was always available when I needed and even though I struggled with the midterms because there was often a lot of material, he was willing to help when he could.
Dr. Cogan rally cares for his students and did a lot in terms of offering extra credit and points. He took his own time every Sunday evening to come in and assist students with questions and homework. Overall a good guy, just not a great professor when it came to actually teaching the material. Very hard exams so make sure to study well.
Dr Cogan truly cares about his students. He acknowledges that this class is difficult, and there is too much material for the time frame. His exams are difficult, but if you stay around average you can ride the curve. He gives generous points for in class participation and online homework, so do those if you think you'll struggle.
Dr. Cogan is a great professor who really cares about his students. He takes time out of his schedule to be accessible outside of class, and holds weekly review sessions. He also does in class questions/activities to help make the class more engaging. His exams can be difficult, but if you take time to study then you can do well in the class.
His lectures are boring, but you need to pay attention because the commentary he adds to the slides is often the material on the exams. The exams are specific and difficult, however they aren't too bad if you take the time to study for them and not cram too much.
Although some days lectures don't seem to have anything to do with the course material, Dr. Cogan is always fun to listen to and learn from. His exams are extremely fair and you go in knowing exactly what will be on them. If there ever is a weird question on an exam feel free to argue why your answer was right and you'll probably get your points.
Dr. Cogan is so nice and open to helping students; however, I probably wouldnt advise taking his class unless you have a solid understanding of Biochem. Exams are extremely difficult, even if you study weeks ahead of time it wont help much. I wouldnt advise this class if needed it for med school. We were behind and didn't cover as much material
Dr. Cogan is an exceptional professor who clearly cares about student success. He had office hours regularly and even held Sunday study sessions regularly for students. Dr. Cogan's tests were not exceedingly difficult if you pay attention in lecture (they're interesting), but his exams are largely lecture-based so you will not do well if you skip.
People say he's caring but all I ever got from asking questions was condescension. He is available often but that wasn't much help to me. Pretty easy tests but part of the battle was understanding his notes and how he writes his questions. Just know the exam check lists he posts.
Dr. Cogan was a pretty great professor. His exams were tough and his lecture notes were sometimes really difficult to understand, but if you actually study and participate, you will do fine in his class.
Cogan is a fair and caring professor. The class is difficult but it's biochem. He gives a lot of opportunities to earn extra points and a lot of help outside of lectures. This class is hard but structured to help you be very successful if you put in the time and effort. He also does a great job of marking his notes with MCAT tested material.
He made Biochem4511 the most frustrating class. His lectures were filled with a bunch of nonsensical tangents and random facts that he found interesting. He assigned homework that did not translate from his lectures. Also, we got so far behind we had to learn two different chapters at once for the last several weeks. His tests are all application.
Dr. Cogan is very unorganized and goes so slow to the point the other biochem classes are a month or so ahead. Instead of cutting out material, in the last couple weeks he posted about 10 lecture videos to compensate for getting behind and gave a midterm less than a week before the final over 6 chapters, most of which he barely covered in lecture.
Overall, this class was extremely difficult. I do think he is fair though. He cares a lot about his students and opens his classroom every Sunday for 2 hours to help with the homework. If you go to these sessions you are guaranteed a 100% on these assignments, due to the help he gives and the group effort. His notes are confusing and exams are hard
Dr. Cogan is not a professor I would recommend to anyone. I have put fourth immense amount of effort to this class and have gotten nothing out of it. The lectures are not helpful by any means. He assigns copious amounts of homework that does not help to understand the material. If you can get any other professor for this course do it at all costs!!
Dr. Cogan is a fantastic professor! I wouldn't normally post a review on here but I was shocked at how many people found him to be difficult or confusing. His tests are fair, given that harder questions are straightforward because they are straight from concepts that he emphasized in class. Much easier than other biochem profs as far as I've heard.
Dr. Cogan is a great professor who really cares about his students. The course is challenging, but if you read the book and study you'll be fine. He's always looking for ways to improve his teaching methods, and he even does research on finding the best way to help kids learn. A really nice guy
I loved having Dr. Cogan. He made concepts a lot easier and was a big help in office hours. He is incredibly caring and genuinely a great guy.
I had him for Evidence and he was awesome! Okay, his lectures were not useful and I did not pay attention much. However, his midterm is so by the book if you are willing to take the time to read, decipher and learn the material you will do well. One of my higher grades in law school.
Lectures were worthless, only went for the participation points. Gave an extra ACS final exam at the very end, he was the only one in the department that gave this- very annoying. The tests weren't that bad, but questions were littered with gram. errors- hard to understand. Backwards classroom- its hard to do that successfully in a 200+ lecture.
