Was extremely approachable throughout the course and usually available and willing to discuss any challenges/questions about lab. Vagueness in person and in handouts were sometimes confusing, but more often than not, also challenged me to learn more. His lectures went well beyond what was required for labs (apt for a class full of chemists).
Purposely makes exams impossible to finish, lecture is useless, not helpful whatsoever
Lectures were completely useless
Terrible professor
Everything I learned was from the textbook. I should have skipped 90 percent of the lectures.
I thought I used to like chemistry. His lectures are incredibly unclear unless you already solidly know the material. His tests are tough, no doubt about that. Lectures seemed to be unrelated to homework or labs--studying the homework and textbooks are the key to passing. Was fairly condescending in class.  Would not recommend.
Zax is unfortunately one of the worst teachers I have ever had. He has literally described concepts as magic and makes the simplest things confusing. His demos usually have nothing to do with the lecture of the day and he often messes them up.  I generally enjoy chemistry but this was a very poor class.
Lectures were absolutely terrible and because of that it's extremely hard to do the homeworks and tests. Impossible to pass the class without reading the book yourself and viewing Khan Academy videos. Would NOT recommend.
Prof Zax's lectures are extremely unclear and often painful to attend. His power points look similar to something a 6th grader would create, he's not concise, and he often comes across as very condescending towards his students.  Just read the textbook and do the problem sets. Labs are easy, prelims are not - "designed so no one would finish"...
His lectures don't relate to any of his homework sets and are very sporadically taught in general. His lectures are often hard to follow, even if you know what you are doing. He has also describe the reason behind some chemistry to just be "magic." Questions during lecture have been answered with quick responses that don't clarify what was asked.
He is a great professor, and makes sure that students who need help can receive it. He is informative, and he tries to make this class fun.
All of the hype about Zax is completely exaggerated. He's nowhere near as cruel or intimidating as previous ratings state. That being said, his lectures are way too complicated, and his exams are tough (but not unfair). If you're an incoming freshman worried about this class, don't fear. The material is manageable if you read the textbook.
David Zax just has a chip on his shoulders. It seems that he is not only rude to students that approach him for help, but he is also horrible to the Department's grad students and other faculty members. Unfortunately, CHEM 2070 is a "weed out" class and a common requirement for many majors; so, it's either this or summer schoolchoose summer school
Totally unapproachable and tough, but the stigma around Zax and 2070 is a bit overblown. I got an A in the class without taking AP Chem and while I worked for it, it's not necessary to go to office hours every week. Prelims are tough, but it's chemistry, so the means are gonna be low and the curve will help you.
Very confusing lectures. Does not wait for the class to understand him. Tests are extremely difficult.
Ugh... Zax. He's just a really difficult test-giver. Doesn't seem friendly although I've never actually tired going to his office hours specifically. Enjoyed his lectures for the most part. It's not his fault chem 2070 is designed to weed people out. Be prepared to work hard.
He is a worse professor than Abruna. He presents the basic concepts in class, but expect students to know things to the very detail for homework and exams. His homework was unnecessarily difficult and not good for prelim preparation. He is rude and proud. The only way to do well is to study everything yourself and do a lot of problems.
Terrible professor. He is even rude to other professors and TAs. It's so unfortunate that almost every science major has to take this course
Makes topics harder to understand than they should be. Prelim and homework questions are hard and not directly from the book and hard to study for. Material covered was not that hard but he did not teach it very clearly.
I took this course in Fall 2013 with not prior AP chem (only regents chem in sophomore year). I got an A in the class but mostly because I went to the support class every week. The concepts were simple enough but Zax doesnt always explain everything in the allotted time. His lectures are better than Abruna's and I personally liked his exams better.
