Laumann overall is a good professor. He's funny, thought-provoking, and very entertaining so although there's a lot of listening and notes required, he makes it interesting. The stuff about the ego and strictness is true, he loves hearing himself talk. However if you just listen and do the work, he's overall pretty fun and not terribly hard.
His lectures are amazing and he relates them to current political topics. Be ready to take lots of notes because the mid-term and final are based on them. He doesn't allow technology. He is also a very funny man so you'll enjoy going to class everyday!
I loved coming to class because he really makes the lecture exciting.
Excellent and engaging in lectures, and the weekly quizzes are very simple with the textbook. As long as you attend and take notes, youre guaranteed an A.
Dr Laumann was one of the toughest professors I've ever had but super funny guy. He cares a lot about what he is teaching, which made his lectures very interesting. I took his class over summer and his test were hard. about 10 short answers for each test. Be prepared to study.
Super stringent grader and no tech allowed in class at all
Dr. Laumann was amazing. He was easy to understand and while others were offended by his words, he was truthful. This was a history class and the study of religion was necessary. I would recommend him to everyone. I am trying to take another one of his classes as soon as possible. PS listen to the man. He is not afraid to kick you out of class.
As a 41-yr-old seeking a second career, Dr. Lauman has not earned my respect as a professor or as a human. He clouts his equality but shows it by his condescending use of "my brother or my sister." He wears his academic prowess as a badge to demand respect from younger students in their first semesters of college. Make sure you attend class.
I took this class so that I could take the study abroad trip to Cuba during Spring Break, and it was pretty amazing! He wants your papers to be almost perfect so do them ahead of time and get them checked. He comes off as rude sometimes but he is okay as long as the class participates. No phones, no talking, just listen and participate!
Dr. Laumann is a solid choice for World Civ I. He grades from a map quiz (basic geography, 10%), a syllabus quiz (5%) two papers (15% each), two exams (midterm 15%, final 20%), and 10 online quizzes for which the answers can easily be found online. The book is good for preparing for exams and writing the papers, but you can get by without it.
I love Dr. Laumann since the day I entered his class. He's hilarious and very blunt. If you don't go to class you definitely won't pass. Reading the textbook also helps but it isn't really required. He's understanding if you're in a sticky situation and is really about equality but he won't babysit you. Also class participation isn't required but you should definitely participate.
If you look past the constant stream of profanity, his inability to act in such a manner as to actually deserve the respect he demands, or his ignorance of academia, critical thinking, or open-mindedness like he touts -- he might have the potential to be a decent professor.
Dr. Laumann is totally awesome. Just be proficient and make it a priority to attend class and you will be fine. Lectures are great and very informative, also he's very funny and you will most definitely have fun in this class.
Professor Laumann is extremely passoniate about African history.  You will do a lot of reading, 10 quizzes, and exams.  Oh yeah, random assignments that are not on the syllabas.  Whatever you do don't miss his class, and pay attention!! Please don't be snarky with him he will shut you down.  Overall, I enjoyed the class, would take him again!
Dr. Laumann is my favorite professor at the UofM. He's interesting, funny, makes people think, and is very open. His class was easy if you showed up and took the notes. 2 papers, 2 exams, and 10 online quizzes. Super easy. He makes you work for the grade but as long as you try you can't fail his course. I wish I could take him again.
Definitely one of the best professors I've had being here for 3 years. He will make you work for the grade, but if you just do the work, there won't be a problem. 2 papers, 2 exams, and chapter quizzes from the book-that you don't need to pass them.
This has got to be my favorite class I've ever taken. He is completely straightforward with what he wants and made me fall in love with history. There are 10 online quizzes, 2 exams, and 2 short papers. If you show up for the lectures and take great notes you'll pass no problem. He is very open minded about religions and politics, but I enjoyed it.
I took Dr. Laumann for World Civ. 1, and I actually did enjoy the class. He demands manners, and he doesn't tolerate nonsense. If you're a Christian, ehhh, well, he probably doesn't like you. But, as big of a Christian as I am, I have to say that i enjoyed his class. To those who are offended easily, walk out the door and find another teacher!
Best teacher ever. Come to class and you will easily pass.
He was amazing, I sat at the front &amp; I highly recommend you do. If he sees that you care he will be kind &amp; helpful. As for reading the book...I never did and I passed everything. My grade in that class was an A! :) He's a great teacher and his lectures are fun and you will always learn something new! Enjoy (: (World Civ)
