Steve yao is by far my inspiration. Coming out of high school, I never valued my learning, and thought of it as boring and redundant. Steve has changed my entire perspective on the value of education. His inspirational and hilarious lectures have allowed me to fully appreciate all that this great university has to offer. Best professor, no doubt.
The best math teacher anyons one could have
Steve Yao is an awesome dance teacher!
Great prof, easy class.  Definitely take if you are interested in learning how to dance.  Also, he puts a lot of resources on the web, if you use that sort of thing.
Steve was an awesome teacher and I greatly enjoyed his class.  Me and another person in the class sustained injuries during the quarter, and he was very flexible with us and gave us other ways to make up for not being able to participate in class.  Great guy, highly recommend.
Honestly a pretty cool guy and a pretty cool class. Class project was to eat at Taste of OSU. Dancing was lots of fun and he knows his stuff, but you learn so much that you can get lost. Not that it matters.
Steve Might be one of the greatest professors ever, He is a really fun guy to talk to and easy going.  His class Is really really fun and he's a very good dancer.  Take his Class, It might be the best thing you do at Ohio State.
Steve rocks the world.  I took social dance 2 with him and learned so much, and definitely looked forward to class.  Steve made it amazing!
i took both social dance 1 &amp; 2 from steve.  he is a great teacher, funny guy, and really breaks down the dance into its principle components so you learn it easily.  i loved going to class.  our level 2 class was especially close.  definitely recommend him!!
cool
Sweet
Steve Yao is good, but not as good as Professor A Sinha.
Steve is a great teacher and his class is amazing! I already took social dance one with a different instructor, but taking social dance 2 with Steve really made me a lot better-he's super helpful, and he makes the class fun!
Professor Yao is amazing!!!! Highly recommend this class!!:)
No Comments
No Comments
Great prof
Social Dance Class with Mr. Yao was great. He helped the class feel comfortable learning new dances and I really enjoyed the class. Thank you.
this class was a lot of fun and i really enjoyed it and steve was an awesome instructor and lots of help
A very nice and understanding teacher, who wants you to learn and have fun while doing so. He made the class very comfortable and would spend as much time as needed helping anyone. I highly reccomend this teacher, and plan on taking all the rest of the courses offered that he teaches. Definitely one of the best teachers that I have ever had!
