I strongly dislike his teaching style -- he makes video pre-lectures that you have to watch before class, and doesn't really lecture during class, but just answers questions. It makes class boring and slow, and it makes the material harder to understand. On top of that, he still requires attendance in lectures.
objectively the best teacher for multi. if you put the effort in and are decent at math, you will get an A, because he puts up every past exam ever on his website and he also writes the final exam. I did every past exam he posted and ended up finding the assessments very easy. tldr; take multi with him and do the past exams!!!
Definitely the best professor you can have for multi! His class is challenging and you'll constantly feel behind, but he prepares you well for the final. Loves the math and "geometric intuition" behind everything and incredibly smart!
Multi is definitely a tough class no matter what, but Bray does a great job explaining these concepts. Tough but rewarding. Tests are fair if you understand the concepts and look over a few of his past tests. Also, he is one of very few in the department who have taught multi for years making him a great resource
Dr. Bray is the sole beacon of light within a sinking Duke Math department. Actually learned something as he surprisingly seems to be interested in teaching students, a rare find within the department. If you have to take a math class, take it with him. Will undoubtedly be inspiring.
God
Very tough class and not very clear when he's lecturing whether it's actual material or just a tangent. A nice guy during office hours.
Bray is a really good professor, and the only professor for Math 216. His lectures are very detailed, and he does a pretty good job of explaining in class. Be prepared for lecture, especially during the first half of the course, which is flipped. Don't fall behind either, and start on the (sometimes lengthy) homework early.
Dr. Bray is wonderfully in lectures -- he does a great job of reiterating key principles and explaining concepts intuitively, rather than asking us to simply memorize material. The classroom environment is also generally welcoming!
If you are expecting a class with little homework, then you have a fundamental misunderstanding of mathematics. You should feel shocked if a math professor fails to assign practice problems. No homework is morally equivalent to phooey.
Bray is a nice person. However, his class is very mechanical. During his lectures, he usually reads and circles his lecture notes. In order to achieve a high score, the best way is to do all his past papers. At the end of the day, some people memorized the tricks to do problems while failed to understand the essence of linear algebra.
Talk extremely slow. Force students to learn everything before class and repeat the online material in class. Lots of homework.
Bray is a fantastic teacher for multi, and his office hours are particularly useful. The practice exams are helpful, and the tests are fair. Multi is a pretty dry and boring class, but Bray does a good job explaining it. Watch out for some of his catchphrases such as "geometric intuition," "morally equivalent," and "convince yourself that__."
Assumes mastery of Greens and Stokes, or any material that is morally equivalent.
Clark Bray is a difficult teacher. There is no way around it. However, he is by far the best teacher for math 212. You will feel like you are struggling compared to peers in other classes but the way the overall bell curve is used, Bray's students end up doing the best. He teaches the material super well and sets you up for success on the final
Clark Bray is the worst teacher in the worst. He is an automaton. A complete robot. His method of teaching really didn't work for me. He is obsessed with proofs and doesn't seem to understand that most of us just want to learn what we need to, and not get lost in the disgusting world of mathematical proofs.
Excellent lecturer. Very clear and precise. Easy to understand and engaging. Knows how to anticipate and address questions about the material. Definitely don't shy away from taking this class. The material can get dry but he knows how to teach it.
I am not a big fan of Clark Bray, but he does give you everything you need to get a good grade. If you just do all of his practice tests then you will know exactly what to expect on the exam and can get an A. I do not think he is very good at connecting with students and is not very good at explaining difficult concepts.
His class was very well structured and easy to follow, though the material was difficult.  You knew what to expect in class and how to prepare for tests.  Lectures could sometimes get tedious, but I appreciated his efforts to lay the proper foundation for new material before moving on.
One of the worst math instructors I've had. His lectures consist of him annotating his lecture notes while basically reading the notes, which is pretty useless. He does record the lectures, but requires attendance. He comes across as inaccessible and self centered. He clearly thinks that his approach to math is the best one, and is definitely wrong
