Professor Bass is amazing, highly recommend! He does a great job of making theory interesting and easy to follow. He is funny and cares about students. In 301 &amp; 302 there are 4 small papers, midterm and a final. He hands out the essay exam questions in advance so you can prep. I hope to take more classes with Prof. Bass.
Class is not mandatory but he gives really great lectures. There is weekly work, which is pretty easy as long as you put some effort in. He gives out a study for the midterms. Pretty quick at emailing back, but not really indepth conversation. I would definitely recommend and would take him again.
I took this class online so most of our learning was from the textbook. Thankfully the reading is easy, but can be time consuming. No homework or projects, only weekly tests for each chapter read. In the midst of finals panic I somehow missed the final for this class which is required to pass, prof still let me take it with no hit to my grade.
Great professor. His lectures are fantastic, interesting, easy to digest, and informative. Definitely recommend not skipping many classes. His class is not too paper heavy. I have taken a couple lecture classes from him and is one of my absolute favorite professors at Portland State U.
Instructor Bass is an awesome teacher and is laid back and caring individual. I learned alot of information that I can take to the real world.
This teacher was one of the best sociology teachers I've had. He knows theory like no other and I enjoyed his lectures and his humor. He kept me interested in the topic. There are a few papers and essay exams -- come to class and you'll do well. A week before midterms and finals he gives out the essay questions that will be asked so you can study.
The best professor in this university by far. Brilliant, hilarious, amazing all around. People forget that you can be incredibly smart, kind, and thoughtful and still be a terrible professor. He doesn't use stupid powerpoint slides or the computer at all. He drafts the notes on the boards as he goes through class, with highly interesting lectures.
I love Professor Bass!!! He is super funny and cool. I love the way he does his lectures, as long as you take good notes you will do fine. He is kind of sarcastic but explains everything really well. I love his sociology classes.
Joshua Bass is overall one of my favorite SOC teachers. He does a really great job and really encourages people asking questions that usually leads to great class discussions. The tests were a bit difficult, but if you study they shouldn't be too hard. Would totally recommend, especially for Intro to Soc.
Josh is a great professor! His lectures are amazing, grading criteria is clear, he offers extra credit and makes sure all his students understand a concept before he moves on. He's really funny too which keeps you engaged.
He gives really clear notes that he writes out and explains as he's going. Takes the time to answer questions and put them into the discussion. The class is fun to be in and listen to and the only homework is a weekly 2 page paper on what is being discussed but it is really easy to get done. Easy class to study for, overall a very competent teacher
His an amazing teacher, love his lectures he gives examples and amazing lectures .
Honestly, the best professor I've ever had. He engages us in his lectures and is so passionate about Sociology that it gave me goosebumps the first week I was in his class. He's funny, self-critical, descriptive, and a master of his craft. The in-class notes are difficult to look back through and comprehend so make sure to read the book as well.
Dr. Bass is open to questions and flexible. We didn't get through all the material in the syllabus, but he didn't force us to cram on our own. Attend class, take notes, and read the textbook! Also, jot examples down when he talks. Tests were hard, but the tests were curved and participation points help. The writing assignments were easy if you try
Professor Bass is an amazing lecturer, he outlines the key points very clearly. He writes down the main ideas on the board which is a huge help but definitely write your own notes because you probably won't remember what he said specifically later. The way he gives the text information flows so well together but definitely go to his lectures.
Josh's lectures highlight the key points, and the textbook goes in-depth with the details. Attending class helps grasp the theories and concepts. As an instructor, he is blunt, sarcastic, and stays focused on the subject at hand. He gives out the study guide, so the essay exams are easy if you study/review.
Took this class with around 130 other people. Nice writing assignments every week. Very helpful feedback and concise teaching!
Bass was engaging and had a sense of humor. He has two kick ass essay quizzes, so get ready to read and stretch your brain. Theory is boring in nature be he keeps your attention. He says does that make sense a million times. Bring your "A" game.
This is the professor you want to take if you're interested in studying sociology. He is balanced, fair, honest, engaging; everything you want in a professor. I have learned far more in one of his classes than I've learned in all other classes not taught by him. For Sociology at PSU, do all you can to get into HIS class.
If you go to class, take notes on his lectures, and read or even skim most of the chapters you will get a good grade :)
