Chad is laid back and clearly goes above and beyond to help students understand the material. He does not make lecture attendance mandatory and posts slides online, but I would still go. There are only 4 problem sets throughout the term and exams are easy to prepare for if you do the homework properly. Overall, a solid 300 level econ elective.
I can understand why Professor Hogan gets an unfavorable reputation. However, he really cases about making sure his students understand the content and makes sure that he is available as a resource when needed. He is incredibly accessible. His exams are graded harshly, but that is because they are straightfoward and contain already covered content.
I honestly hated chad as a lecturer (VERY boring), but loved him as a person. I put in very minimal effort and still did well. The material is simple, just sitting through lectures is the hard part. His tests are very, very straight forward.
Chad Hogan unlike most other professors cares that you understand the material. He does not ask you cram complicated formulas but rather understand and apply them. In exams his questions are similar to that he gives in his assignments so you know whats expected of you. If you want an A go to lecture but more importantly use his office hours.
Just go to class and you'll be fine. There's no discussion but office hours with Chad are very helpful and he can clear up course content on a more personal level.
101 is light work and hogan is better than the other lectures. The curve is huge. If you don't get a B don't continue with Econ its not his fault you suck
mad chill, just go to office hours. he really cares about 300 level course and he really wants his students to do well. He is a totally reasonable guy and I would definitely recommend his 300 level class
You can tell that Chad really cares about what he is lecturing on. Attending class in optional, but you definitely need to go to pass. He is very accessible outside of class and even encourages students to text him with any questions. Make sure you go to his office hours!! He'll work with you until you have the right answers on assignments
He is not as bad as what most students ranked him on rate my prof. In fact, i would argue that he is extremely caring and accessible outside of class. He even gave out his work phone number for students to access him. I believe he is more helpful in office hours than in class. Chad is the man!!!
Going to lecture and discussion is pretty much useless. His lectures are very boring and he never gets through the whole lecture. But with that said, he's not as bad as everyone makes him out to be, most people hate him because they don't put any effort in. The material is pretty easy so if you actually take the time to learn it, you'll do fine.
An easy A would not take you so much time.
Econ310 is almost the *exact* same content from Econ102, with maybe 3-4 lectures on new content. Hogan is a good professor but his lecture-style is definitely geared towards "auditory-learners" because he goes through maybe 4 slides per class. Exams are really easy as well.
For the first two exams, it is fine if you read the textbook and see his slides. But for the final exam, go to his office hour and ask about the questions in sample exam that you don't know how to solve! But beware that his lectures are extremely boring and hard to concentrate. You have to learn by yourself, but he is willing to help in office hour
The course is 90% exams and 10% homework, so if you think you are good at this topic, take him. The exams are not difficult. Otherwise, no. His lectures were dry and boring. I learned mostly through reading the textbook and going over slides on my own. If you want to do well in his class, go to his office hours and he is willing to help.
Chad is a nice guy and very willing to help outside of class, however, I found myself before exams using youtube to teach myself all of the content. I enjoy econ and think I'm not bad at it but Chad's tests proved otherwise. There are teachers at Umich that will be significantly better for getting a better grade and increasing your understanding.
Hogan somewhat deservedly gets a bad rep. His lectures are boring and unhelpful and his tests are hard af. Having said that, he's great one-on-one. Go by his office hours at least a couple times, otherwise going you'll be floating by without actually understanding any of the material.P.S. Discussion sections don't matter aside from Part B of exams.
Chad is not the most horrible professor ever, but he's not great either. He spends too much time on one subject and explains things strangely. Be sure to read and do the homework for understanding. His class is way harder than the other 101's at UM. However, he really does care and puts so much effort into helping you if you just ask.
I took Econ 101 with Hogan and my first week of school, a 5th year Econ Major friend told me that he had dropped Hogan after 2 weeks of class and warned me to do the same...I should have listened. The absolute worst lecturer I have ever had. Redundant, slow paced, and focused on simple topics in class, leaving us confused about actual exam content.
Worst thing I have to say about professor hogan are his lectures. While hes easy to understand when I try listening, it does take effort to focus for the entire lecture because he is a bit on the dry side. However, he definitely is an intelligent guy and you can tell he tries to make things as clear as possible
His lectures are terribly dry and boring. I didn't go to lecture once. Just read the slides before the exams, take practice exams, do homework and you will be fine. Do not go to lecture or you will fall asleep. He spends like 30 minutes on one slide where I can knock out a slide at home for like 5 minutes. Class is fair, just bad professor.
