Tough class but amazing professor. He is clear and explains things very throughly. Chemistry is super hard and I had a hard time passing but he is a great prof.
Not going to lie, the class is a little difficult. But, he's one of the best science professors you'll ever have. He gives lots of extra papers and packets in class that will help you so much. Make sure to attend class because he gives quizzes (dont worry he gives the answers at the end). A hilarious guy. Make sure to study and take notes.
He is amazing and his lectures are so interesting. If you pay attention in class and take down all the notes he gives in class you will do really good on the exams. Very nice professor and has lots of patience.
Dr. Briggs' class was one of the best chemistry classes I have taken yet. His lectures were clear and he wrote notes on the board so the pace was perfect. You have to work for the grade but his teaching and the amount of resources available for help make that easy.
I hated chemistry before taking this class but Briggs made it enjoyable and dare I say even fun. This course was definitely a challenge, but if you're willing to put in the work, you can get an A for sure. Briggs is hilarious and held my attention in every lecture. 10/10 would recommend
I have never left a review for any professor, Dr. Briggs being my first exception. This man is exceptional, his lectures are amazing, and his class is fair. I struggled with Chem throughout high school never got it. In Briggs's class, I learned that if you work diligently and use all of the resources available, an A is extremely possible. Attend SI
Dr. Briggs makes chemistry actually funny. He jokes around a ton but is also all about getting the knowledge in his students. There is a decent amount of homework so don't procrastinate, but everyone loves him even though his class is a challenging one. He makes so many resources available to students. Use them! Dr. Briggs is the best.
I have always held the opinion that chemistry is the most horrid subject ever. After this class, I still hold that opinion. Chemistry SUCKS but Briggs made it much more bearable, he is easily the funniest professor I've ever had. My complaint: the homework assignments were INSANE, I counted 76 problems for one chapter, and others had more.
If you are taking Chem 113, get this professor! His lectures are great and seem much quicker than they are. He makes his class interesting and fun to go to. Dr. Briggs is an icon and everyone loves his class. ONLY GET HIM FOR THIS CLASS!!! Plus he's funny and he cares about our success. He is amazing!!!
Briggs makes a boring chemistry lecture actually interesting and fun! There are four tests and a final and they are relatively easy if you put the work in and study and practice problems, he gives you practice exams so really use those when studying. Not a class to cram the night before but Briggs is the best professor to take CHM 113 with.
This class and his lectures were amazing!! I absolutely hate chemistry, hated the material, and all the homework sucked. But Briggs made everything worth it because not only are his lectures hilarious, but he even manages to make his exams hilarious. Best professor to take chemistry with for sure!!
Amazing!!! Take him and you will be grateful! He explains things so clearly and everything is organized so perfectly. Not to mention that he's hilarious. His exams are 95% like what he gives as practice exams. He is hands down the best 113 teacher
Wow! What a profesor! I thought I was gonna absolutley hate chemistry and it turned out to be my favorite class ever. He is so funny and teaches clearly. Exam review days are perfectly planned game shows and all kinds of cool stuff is always happening. I highly reccomend!
If you have a strong background in chem this class will be cake! If not, you'll have to put some more work into it but Briggs makes learning chem fun and easy! He provides so many resources and lectures are entertaining enough. He does gameshow style exam reviews, and the lecture quizzes are done in class.
I struggled because of who I am as a person but he gave countless resources and all types of support. He really makes chemistry super interesting and fun.
My favorite chem professor because he gives really great lectures. It's still a decently hard class but he'll make sure you understand the material as long as you're willing to put in a little bit of effort.
Very good teacher who is very air but teaches a difficult class. Chemistry is no joke and shouldn't be taken lightly, to get a good grade YOU WILL WORK FOR IT. If you are already planning on taking chem or majoring in it then Briggs is a very good choice. You will have to work in groups for labs and recitation.
One of the best professors I had in a long time. He has renewed my passion for chemistry. I would recommend attending every lecture because he can explain concepts clearly and you will see them on the test. Also, some test questions are in regards to activities that happened during lecture. Like a video he played or a class experiment so show up!
Honestly the best science teacher I have ever had, and I am a BIO Major. His lectures cover ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING that you could possibly see on the exams. He does extra credit exam questions that he assigns a few days before the test. His "exam study days" are so fun, he makes game shows. He also posts practice exams!
Really great and respected professor. Engaging lectures with lots of audio visual content. Clears doubts anytime. Do show up to lecture for the quizzes which count for 5% and he drops the two lowest. Occasionally adds points to everyone's tests. Recitation's hectic, lab's easy but that's the course. Stay on top of the MasteringChemistry Homework.
