Spoke in circles.. not very organized teacher, but considerate
Domestic Animal Biology-great class. The textbook provided relevant information (written by the professor). Look over the figures in the text. Tests were doable if you went to class, paid attention, and read over your notes to get a thorough understanding of the material. Dr. Currie made the material interesting with practical examples.
Dr. Currie was an amazing teacher to have my first semester. He was very helpful and made the class interesting. I loved his enthusiam and how he get to know each student as an individual. You need to pay attention in class, but as long as you take clear notes, you will be fine, and remember to get help from the TA's. They are a great resource.
Dr. Currie is by far the best professor I had this year. He keeps us interested, he is very confident in what he is teaching, and you can tell he knows what he is talking about. For his tests I would recommend recording his lectures and taking notes, plus reading his pdfs, they are genius and straightforward. He is very quick in answering emails.
Class is very straight forward, if you learn the material and ask questions you'll get the grade you want. Dr. Currie made the material interesting and was obviously very dedicated to teaching us and extremely interested in the subject. This was my favorite class of the semester.
Currie is one of the best professors at Cornell. He is the kind that will be able to call you by name. That should say a lot for a large introductory level class. He really cares about his students. His office hours were great, where you get your own scheduled time slot. The guy is also quite hilarious. I wish I could have taken more of his classes
really inspiring and a clear, interesting lecturer. by far my best professor this semester.
a good class, tests require decent amount of study time.  dont underestimate them.
Currie is an amazing professor. He knows what he is talking about and has a great sense of humor. Hands down he is one of the best professors at Cornell. Great accessibility for office hours; you schedule your own. He actually cares about his students! He has plenty interesting and often entertaining ?old man? stories about his experiences.
Currie was prepared and concise- 'amazing' to sum it up. Excellent professor with a wholehearted interest.Coming from the city, I had very limited experience with the animals at the Teaching Barn- the TAs, notably Jenn and Margeaux, were extremely knowledgeable and helpful, not at all condescending or impatient with my lack of experience+knowledge.
Fill in the blank exams, lots of  funtion and memorizing terms. Currie is a very intelligent professor. He knows everything. and our TAs were awsome too.
very engaging lecturer- explains material well and gives great real-life examples. Exams were very fair, labs were interesting- this is a class everyone at Cornell should take!
Even though I thought Currie's class was difficult, he was an interesting professor.
Dr. Currie is amazing!  The class is really interesting - the applications of biology to real life situations involving animals.  I love Dr. Currie's stories and he really made the class fun. I wish all professors were as passionate about their Intro classes as he is. Labs were great, too!
Currie is the man. He knows his subject very well and enjoys conveying his knowledge to his students. Tests are a bit harder than expected, but still extremely reasonable if you study. Do not leave studying to the last minute, as there is a lot more information on tests than you'll expect. TAs are helpful for this class.
I feel like this is one of the few classes I've taken in my life where I've come away having actually LEARNED something. Overall, I'd say the exams were fair &amp; an accurate representation of what I got out of the material. I like that the labs were both informative &amp; laid-back. Finally, I wish Dr. Currie the best in his retirement! He's earned it
Overall, I felt this was a pretty good class...it was the only class my first semester that I didn't absolutely detest. The labs are the BEST! they are laid back, interesting, and most of the time fun! Also, I really like that if you do well on the midterm, you don't have to take the final!! It's awesome!
This course was terrific. We were taught the basics of all mamillian biological functions. The tests were hard for me but I had little background in Biology. The TA's especially Jenn Ruby &amp; Samantha Schlemmer were always available for clarification of subject matter. Dr Currie taught from experience which made the subject matter easier to understa
Dr, Currie is amazing! He is definitely the best professor that I will ever have! I have learned so much from his class, and I will never forget the things we learned. I especially enjoyed the Teaching Barn experinece, and his daily demonstrations. He is just an overall nice guy who really cares about his students. He will truly be missed.
Dr. Currie is the man.  His tests are tricky but his class is awesome. The labs are fun and interactive.  The necropcy lab as well as the sheep flipping lab are extremely fun. The TAs are awesome as well, especially Margaret, Sarah and Jessica. It is a shame that Dr. Currie is retiring because he's an awesome an extremely knowledgeable professor.
