He didn't stroke my sensitive and privileged ego.  He wasn't warm, didn't seem to take any interest in my petty personal problems.  I had to read books, and my notions of being a "special" person were violated by his insistence on assigning me actual work.  Oh why can't I be granted a diploma based on my superior high school transcript?
Dr. Bevington is a rare, exquisite scholar.I had a wonderful time in his class in 1999.  The guy is brilliant; it is a fun class, and I could definitely see why he is a world renown scholar. Never condescending. Also, an easy A.
Fantastic Teacher.
History and Theory of Drama is the easiest class at the university. by far. Bevington is a shakespeare genius and a one-on-one conversation with him is enlightening and amazing. a 30 person class, however, is not as great.
But he's a real scholar. Ask him to talk to you about "Shakespeare in Love"
His classes were completely random and often very shallow. I was amazed to see how anybody so obviously intelligent and learned could teach so badly and without ever saying anything interesting.
No Comments
Everybody loves Bevington! Does he still host charming "receptions" at his gorgeous Hyde Park residence? I've never felt so cultured as when I spread brie on a melba toast in his dining room while discussing King Lear.  Pure class!
knows absolutely everything about the Bard.  Very unorganized, democratic teaching style which is often taken advantage of by students who want to hear themselves talk.
No Comments
Well-known for being one of the best the University has to offer.  And he is.
As others have said, the soul of generosity and kindness:  but this does not a great professor make.  For all his accolades and experience, I expected a lot more...and he never prepares his classes.  Genial, lazy, stream-of-consciousness teaching.
an incredibly sweet man. very down to earth, very endearing. a bit soft-spoken and therefore not the  most engaging lecturer. but don't let that discourage you; you get what you give.
David is the single most unfailingly gracious professor I've ever known.  His mind is first rate and he is unstinting in his intellectual generosity and generous with constructive criticism.  Take advantage of his office hours - learn everything!
Its just cool to go to B&amp;N and find an edition of the Complete Works of Shakespeare edited by your Shakespeare Prof.
David is warm and generous as a teacher.  You get what you put in to his classes, and there are few Shakespeare academics with his depth of knowledge and teaching ability.  Take advantage of his office hours and you will thrive.
No Comments
Boring, dry; no doubt he's brilliant (and he's very likeable) but nothing constructive about lectures/discussions and certainly nothing profound or interesting. Too much reading, too little time to discuss adequately.
Extremely nice and enthusiastic.  provides expansive feedback on assignments.
