I appreciate the timely feedback on every assignment we submitted for his class. He is passionate about his work, student success, and the field of criminal justice. Lots of respect for his work.
Professor Jones is in law enforcement and is also very active in the community, so he really cares about what he's teaching. I enjoyed taking this class online, and would've taken it in person if I could. Not a stressful class; read the material, listen to the lectures, and the class will be interesting while also being easy. DEFINITELY TAKE IT!
Professor Jones does an excellent job of laying out exactly what is expected of you through the term. As long as you pay attention to due dates and make sure you submit all assignments, it shouldn't be hard to get an A. And if for some reason you can't meet the assignment date, just email him - super understanding and will work with you on it!
Everything was awesome for me because it was my first experience in whole my life and I had a chance I going to get other courses with Mr. Jason. so respectful.
As long as you read the lecture and book notes, you'll pass no problem.
I really enjoyed the class. Mr. Jones has a wealth of knowledge that he shares with the students. The scenarios and interactions allow you to practice the techniques that have been taught through reading and lecture. I gained practical skills I can use in my job and everyday life. Thank you.
Jason is an incredible professor. His lectures help to explain and outline much of the reading in the textbook as well as offer real-life examples. He is easy to listen to and I never get bored. There is a lot of reading, and the content can be a bit difficult to comprehend if you don't have any previous experience with criminal justice.
Amazing
Jason Jones has made a career out of Criminal Justice and that comes through in his teachings. He cares about what he is putting into his coursework and it shows. I feel like his passion inspired me to want to not only do well in the course but absorb as much information on the topic I could.
I took this class in the Summer, worst choice. I though this class would be inspirational, but it turned out to be quite boring. This class is about memorizing ethical terms. There are many quizzes mostly on terminology.
thank you great work
Mr. Jones brings lots of experience to his teaching. This real world application of the subject matter helps students connect with the material. His policies are strict but he sets clear parameters. Plan your time wisely, read, study, and you should do fine in the class. He allows some extra credit and was very responsive to questions.
Qualified and passionate to course material, I would recommend not taking the condensed summer term.
This was a great class! Very clear expectations and grading rubric. The professor is experienced and knowledgeable. He doesn't impose his views, rather, lets students come to their own conclusions by exercising the use of ethical frameworks. I would recommend this course to others.
I took CCJ 350 online over the summer which is 4 weeks long vs 10 weeks and it was a heavy load but it was not too much to handle, he made it very clear what had to be done for the week and was very organized. He gives feedback on discussions and lets you know why you missed points. Great teacher
I liked the class. It isn't an easy class, but I took this summer term with a shortened curriculum. It was one of the more challenging but well put together. Ethics is not a subject that deals with morals and common sense like I thought it would be. I think there are many valuable ideals to be learned for future career as well as life in general.
thank you for great class.
I appreciated that he was willing to hear my arguments about why a quiz question was graded incorrectly. He gave me points back and even gave me extra credit for challenging him. He is a fair grader, and he has a lot of experience to back up what he teaches. I recommend him.
Gives good feedback, is respected, and gives great lectures
I LOVED this class! Prof Jones makes the class insanely interesting and fun! We learn so much, make sure you don't skip ANY weekly discussions! The class isn't super difficult, but as long as you do what is asked of you and read the material, you'll do very well! His feedback is also very useful. Definitely would take a class from him again!
