Great classes. Brilliant and smart. math 112 is just a bad bad class in general. but he made it better than i expected. not to say i ended up with a good grade in the end. he's caring and lets you retake tests. but get ready to work. theres no reason intro calc should be this bad. but if you ABSOLUTELY NEED IT on your transcript, take him for sure
Professor Blake is a wonderful and kind-hearted professor who makes learning math as tolerable as it can possibly be.
Blake is a great person, very enthusiastic about the course and wants you to learn.  Willing to meet outside of class, and will answer any questions you have.  Doesn't like it if you're late though, if you respect him and do what you're supposed to do, he respects you.  Homework almost every night, but do it if you want an A.
You can tell Blake has taught this class many times before because he knows the material extremely well and is great at explaining it. It helps to go to lectures. There is optional homework, but it helps a lot. He puts a few practice problems on each test. If you're willing to put in the time and effort, the class won't be as bad as rumored.
Prof. Blake is very very clear and makes math enjoyable. If I had to take math again, I would definitively take it with him.
Math is notoriously hard at Duke, and I am positive that I would not have passed nor done well in this class if it weren't for Professor Blake. Best Professor I've had at Duke, and probably the best I will ever have. Very knowledgable and excited about teaching, makes you work for your grade but it's such a reward when you do well.
Math classes at Duke will most likely be the hardest classes you ever take. That being said, Professor Blake is extremely knowledgeable, passionate, and will go out of his way to help you. Tough class, great professor.
Definitely one of the best Math professors at Duke. If you have to take Math, take it with him!
Truly one of the best professors I've had the privilege of studying under at Duke. A phenomenal resource, he is always willing to spend extra time covering difficult topics until everyone understands them. He grades hard and collects homework. Lectures are somehow kept interesting, despite it being math. Would highly recommend.
Blake is very organized and his explanations made understanding Calculus 2 topics easy. Make sure you keep up with the work!
Best professor I have had at Duke! He's amazing at explaining tough concepts and he is very helpful when you have questions. He cares about your performance in class too. Go to lectures and do the HW assignments - it really makes a difference on tests.
Blake is an amazing professor. I had him for calc 1 and 2. He's clear and will really help you understand. His tests are really hard though and hes a stickler on time and I couldn't ever fully finish his tests. But hes a great math 111 and 112 professor
He is probably the best professor I've had at Duke so far. Super clear, very helpful, and really makes an attempt to make sure you get the material. Intro calculus is going to be difficult no matter who is teaching it but he makes it absolutely manageable.
Professor Blake is extremely kind and makes calc as bearable as possible. He's always willing to help or re-explain material. I understood concepts I hadn't after sitting through a year of HS calc. The tests are hard, but there's no way around that. I've never liked math, but Prof. Blake is excellent; take calc with him if you can!
Probably failed his course. But wasn't his fault. He didn't even get to write the final. Super nice guy. Amazing professor. Highly recommend taking his class for 112. Definitely tough on the grading. But if you actually put the work in and really study hard for the midterms, you'll be fine. Do the prob sets and don't sleep on those labs either.
Blake is a phenomenal professor.  he is extremely helpful and truly loves teaching. Math111 and 112 are not easy classes, but Blake makes them bearable and doable. Tests aren't awful - on par with any college Calculus course.
Professor Blake is the most awesome math professor you'll ever meet. His ability to explain fundamental concepts into things you can understand is just incredible. He will prepare you very well for the because his tests are very conceptual - which is what the final will be like.  (I took 111 and 112 with him, and wish he taught other math classes)
Blake was an incredible teacher! Incredibly clear and cared about his students. Within the first couple weeks he knew all our names and if someone had any issues he was more than happy to break it down. Tests were hard but if put in effort in class and with homework you should be fine
Blake is definitely the best teacher for Math 111 (old # 31). Willing to help you if you put in the work, and he does a good job in class of explaining how he wants you to answer specific types of problems. Would be very difficult if you had never taken calc, but if you have to take 111, take it with Blake. (He gave out candy during the final!)
I had him for 31L and 32L. He is extremely clear in lectures, and an overall excellent teacher that kept me engaged. This class is brutally hard because of the curve, though I felt like I definitely improved my math skills a lot (C+ in 31L and B+ in 32L) but the fact remains that this class is a GPA killer no matter what teacher you have.
