Wasn't always clear, quizzes were somewhat challenging, grades based on participation. He answered questions pretty well. Not a bad professor. Ended up curving the grade. If there's an SI, go to the sessions.
The class (ACC 201) is straight forward, assuming you come every day. The content builds on itself. If you miss a class you have to make sure you do over the notes but he will do problems in the near future and if you can do those you will pass with b+ or higher.
This class is very hard. Neurath automatically assumes you're just as knowledgeable as he is at accounting. Our SI quit and he didn't get a new one, just saying come to his office hours if you have problems. The problem is if you ask him for help, he doesn't actually answer your question or give you anything to work with. Horrible professor.
This is one of those accounting classes that you have to study your butt off and the class averages on tests are 65%. But, Neurath is a very nice guy and has a lot of experiences from his current job that he can use to relate the material to real life. I really respect him and enjoyed learning about tax, even though my GPA will be taking a hit.
Very hard class and homework is not graded. A lot of time outside of class is needed to be put into understanding the material well. Miss a class you might as well find someone who can teach you the material otherwise you will fall behind quickly and get lost.
He is a good teacher as long as you pay attention and follow along. You have to show up to class and you have to participate in order to get a good grade in the class. He really does know what he is talking about and he is a very nice guy. Try hard in the class and you will do fine.
If you're not an Accouting major, I wouldn't take it with Neurath. He goes through the material quickly and if you skip a day you might as well just read the entire book on your own. Examples are out of the textbook and the homework is NOT graded. Hard class if you're not organized. I would suggest taking this class with Credit/No Credit.
Neurath is able to breathe some life into a very cut-and-dry subject. Lectures, though certainly not riveting, are mixed in with a touch of his personality and that goes a long way sometimes. Quizzes and exams are tough but fair. He is a very nice man and was accessible outside class. Do your reading!!
This class has its own study sessions, I ADVISE YOU GO. I HAVE GONE TO EVERY STUDY SESSION AND IM BARELY ABOVE A 75 percent. if you feel like working hard, take this class. Neurath is a pretty cool dude but the class is hard as crap. If you have to take this for your major, then good luck
He knows what he is talking about. You aren't necessarily required to come to class but he takes attendance and if you do not come you will feel like you fall very far behind. He has office hours and encourages you come if help is needed.  He enjoys the subject. Would recommend taking this course with him.
In James' class expect to show up and take notes everyday. All the test questions are from the lecture and notes. Not too many notes to take though. He's very understandable and goes at a reasonable pace. Would definitely take him for accounting classes. He won't teach you anything you don't need to know for future courses.
Horrible horrible professor. I had a 3.7 gpa before entering this class and he gives no graded homework, and no extra credit. You get 4-5 quiz's the entire semester and 4 exams. The last 2 exams are within 8 days of each other. If you fail the first exam, you might as well withdraw from the class because you're screwed. Doesnt use blackboard either
He gives clear expectations and if you just listen to him and ask questions he'll make sure you pass with an A. He's a really cool guy
Overall easy class. Do the homework and participate and you should be fine. Tests are multiple choice and short answer.
He isn't as hard as people on here are making him out to be. Attendance and participation are factored into your grade. Bring textbook to class! Gives you participation points for asking questions. Exams and quizzes were fair. Go to the SI sessions if you need extra help. He made it very easy to pass if you put in the effort.
The Professor believes every student is as knowledgeable as he is and holds you to those standards. Lectures consist of only going over the homework you did the night before and clarifying a few things. Tests are hard and not really like the homework whatsoever so I would encourage that you attending SI sessions every week.
I had to retake the this course because I did so terrible the first time. However, I realized that it's only because you really have to get used to his style. Tests were sometimes worded in such a way that answers could go other ways, and one time a quiz answer contradicted the textbook's definition. He simply just said the textbook was wrong... ?!
By far worst class and worst professor I have ever had at central. Very condescending  and rude. Do not take him save yourself.
I wouldn't expect anything different for an undergraduate accounting class. Focused on teaching us the material that matters and removing material that wouldn't benefit us. Assigns homework but doesn't grade it. The homework is really helpful and practical. He will get touchy if he notices his class isn't doing it, though.
Worst teacher I have ever had at CMU. Cares more about his tax job than students.  Expects you to already know what he is talking about and knows about taxes. Barely any office hours. Doesn't use email. Only grades 4 exams and 2 projects. Takes attendance every class and marks grade down every class you miss. TERRIBLE DO NOT TAKE!
