If you have a choice between any professor and Andrew Flight, choose Flight. I was completely blown away. He is the best mathematics professor I have ever seen (and I've taken a lot of math classes). He explains things in a way that really help you to understand the material and is fair when it comes to grading. You won't find anyone better.
Amazing professor and explains everything very well. Notes are very clear, but if you don't attend lecture, learning the material through his notes can be sometimes difficult due to the material in this class. One issue I have with him is that he is very bad with emails and the best way to contact him is to go to his office hours or lecture.
Andy is a very animated and engaging professor! He has a deep knowledge of statistics. Considering it was an applied class he gave enough theory and background to satisfy people who like to know why it works. I HIGHLY recommend doing the "suggested" problems since the concepts appear on exams but not always on graded homework.
I failed stats with another professor. I took this professor the very next term and got an A+. The professor makes all the difference. I am literally writing this review 5 years after graduation. I still remember this class and its lessons and use them frequently. Not only does Prof. Flight make stats easy and fun, but the lessons stay with you.
Great teacher, let's you use one page of notes for both midterms and then two pages for the final. He tells you what is going to be on the midterm/final. He has old tests to help you prepare. Didn't use the textbook much, he's a funny guy. Class is super easy, if you've taken statistics before, easiest A, if you haven't, it's still easy.
Started this class pretty bad, didnt do the homework which caused me to do very bad on my midterm. After doing my homework working on other tasks and getting help when needed I got 100/100 on my final and brang my grade up by a whole letter. You just have to really do the homework and youll be good. Really good proff.
Started this class pretty bad, didnt do the homework which caused me to do very bad on my midterm. After doing my homework working on other tasks and getting help when needed I got 100/100 on my final and brang my grade up by a whole letter. You just have to really do the homework and youll be good. He's a really great proffesor.
AMAZING professor &amp; one of the best I've had at PSU. His intentions are to set you up for success in his class. He is also open to suggestions. You need a study guide? Ask &amp; he'll make you one. You will not be shocked when it comes around to a test because he will EFFECTIVELY prepare you for it. There is a clear grading criteria.
Professor Flight is awesome! He really wants you to understand the concepts he is teaching! I really like the way he explains the material. It is clear that he is very familiar with all the material. He is very funny and helpful!
Andy is an amazing professor. He repeats himself often which would be my only complaint. However, he is hilarious and amazing at explanations. He also cares so much about his students it's amazing. 100% would recommend!!
I LOVE my professor Andrew Flight! He is the coolest guy I have ever seen! The lectures that he gave was very understandable and easy to follow. He cares about his students a lot, so he always moved due dates of homework for those who have not completed yet. I really want to take another class that he teaches. Thanks!
Stats 244 with Andy was, dare I say, easy. He breaks everything down, paces himself well, posts all of his notes for you, and makes all of this statistics stuff seem like a walk in the park. He tests you on the information you need to know and doesn't trouble with the nuanced details. I will honestly miss getting up for his 8am class.
Andy is a great teacher and I would definitely recommend taking his classes. I am currently in his Stats 241 class and I have done great thanks to him. He is always available to help students and gives great lectures. There is homework, projects and quizzes aside from exams, but he is very flexible about due dates. Also very quirky and fun.
Andy is an amazing professor especially for statistics which can be a difficult class. There are weekly quizzes and homework which is assigned for you to practice but not graded. He is really laid back and explains the concepts clearly, he answers any questions you have without making you feel like an idiot for asking. HIGHLY recommended.
Andrew Flight is the nicest person I have ever seen! He cares about his students  and try not to fail them.  I skipped other classes sometimes but I never skipped his class because it is super fun and helpful. Before I met him, I just memorized all. But after I met him, I became to try to understand how the formula works.  Thank you!
Very difficult to understand. The lectures and the homework did not even correspond.
Andy was amazing. He had an awesome positive attitude @ 8:15 in the morning and made you happy that you came to class. His note style was awesome and  clearly explained how to do things. If you didn't catch something you could just ask your awesome recitation teacher! Take this class with Andy! He makes it interesting rather than grueling. :)
Andy is a really nice guy, who tries very hard to make the dry logical side of math more interesting. Your graded based off of 2 tests and homework in even thirds, so make sure you are paying attention and doing the homework. As long as your mind is logic driven, this class is not difficult, but can get somewhat confusing with all the notation.
Flight is amazing! i took him after i dropped out of Webbs class. he made stats so easy to understand. math/stats have never been my strong suit but with him i ended up with a 98% in the class. if you go to lectures and pay attention you will do fine. look online for calculator stuff cause he does not always cover that in class.
He has great energy and enthusiasm for his subject, even at 8:15 AM. Embodies what a college professor should be like: understanding, witty, knowledgeable in many disciplines, fair, and well respected. Four graded homeworks, two midterms, and a final.  Attend ALL classes and recitations. Best 8:15 class at PSU.
