Your grade is based on tests and hw/quizzes from the textbook. Its on a different website and Canvas wont notify you when assignments are due. There is extra credit if you go to the observatory. Cooney is passionate about the content &amp; his sarcasm/humor is much appreciated. I was stressed the entire semester then he curved our grades by 5-10%.
I'm really bad at STEM classes, so subject wise I kind of struggled. But Dr. Cooney is genuinely hilarious, and makes his powerpoint slides very easy to follow and take notes on. When I take the tests all of the questions are clearly from things we talked about / learned in class (don't skip class). As long as you study you should be fine.
I can tell he is a knowledgeable individual, but his teaching skills are poor. The class is also very difficult for a GEP course. The one thing that really bothered me was that he makes all the students buy a $40 iclicker to answer questions in class. Its 2019, there are so many apps you can use for free to text in answers.
A great person, extremely intelligent, and very knowledgable about Astronomy however, this class was a disaster for more than just me. While his passion about the topic was evident, it often didn't translate into his teaching or just took away from it all together. Test? Read/study the textbook more than lectures.
He sounds just like Weird Al.
This class was super difficult for many people in my class. Class avg on every test was roughly a 50-60%. Not a single person ever got a 100% on any test given. I had difficulty studying due to the information being extensive and hard to understand. A 5-10% curve is given, and we could use a 3x5 written notecard on tests. Challenging class.
Really nice and smart on the subject of astronomy, but tests were very difficult. I never felt confident leaving after an exam. Curve will help you pass in the end.
Prof. Cooney obviously is very passionate about astronomy, but he's just not good at teaching those who aren't as knowledgable as he is. The tests are pretty difficult and you basically have to teach yourself via the textbook if you wanna understand anything. The curve at the end of the semester is the only thing that saved me from failing.
Dont buy physical book because it comes with the MyLabs assignment. He tends get too wrapped up in the subject that he wont actually go in full detail for exam based questions. He has extra credit for 1% only. Nonetheless, hes friendly, understanding, but youll be better of using the homework help on MyLabs and teaching yourself. Curves too!
I was able to read every chapter and study for each test. I got a B or C on each test but ended up with an A because he does a huge curve at the end. Attendance also helps a ton. I'm terrible with anything math/science related and I was still able to get an A. Still a better choice than chem or physics. If you have the time to study, take it.
Cooney was one of those professors that if you read the textbook and understood you will be fine. He tries to explain concepts but ends up making lectures brief and convoluted. I guarantee if you do not take the effort to study in this class you will not pass. But on the upside he curves a lot. He's even curving around 10% this semester.
Professor Cooney is very funny and personable. I enjoyed going to class and listening to the lectures. Tests are hard if you don't study. Fill out the study guide and read over the textbook to get good grades. He's very helpful because he curves grades and drops one test. He has clicker questions in class for credit, so keep that in mind as well!
I do not recommend him. His tests are very different than what we do in class and for homework. Even the practice exam doesn't help much. His test averages are usually in the 50%-60% percent range so he relies on curves to pass most of the class rather than simply making the tests more similar to the work we usually do and the same difficulty.
In the end his curve is what saves people, but you have to work your butt off for anything higher than a C. I easily spent 10 or more hours EVERY week doing extra problems in the book for practice just to get a D on exams. I got a 79 in the end and I was in the top 15% of the class so I got an A. While attendance isnt mandatory, its a life saver.
I mean he's not the best professor but he gets a bad rap on here. I did not take physics before and it wasnt as bad as people make it out to be. Definitely more self-taught than I would prefer but if you read the textbook and dont look up the hw answers you'll pass fine. As a person he's really nice and funny! Just study hard and you'll be fine!
If you're great with teaching yourself a lot of material then take this class-if you learn based off of examples, lectures and tutoring then dont take this scale up version. A lot was up in the air and it was a difficult class (class averages were all F's when I took it) now I have to retake it.
Cooney was a good person and gave helpful explanations one-on-one but he was not a good teacher. He did very few detailed explanations of problems/concepts in class and left you to figure out most things yourself. This made the tests very difficult. However, there was a decent curve at the end of the class. Tests averages were between 40 and 50.
Dr. Cooney is a great person, and really tries to makes physics seem more appealing. However, I never felt very prepared from lectures. Tests are much harder than they should be, but he does curve quite generously. My semester had 2 tests instead of 3, which made things a bit harder, but you're gonna need to put in lots of effort to succeed.
Don't take unless you've taken diff eq &amp; physics III, you should be well versed in physics &amp; math. Tests are hard, HW harder. Cooney finds the bare minimum effort he can put into teaching and gives just a little less help than that. No powerpoints, no notes, barely any feedback, no hints on what exams will be like. Not worth it.
While I definitely think its great that Dr. Coomey is passionate and knowledgable about all things space, he definitely expects way too much from a gen ed class. This class was insanely difficult to understand and was full of ambiguous ideas and theories. You use MasteringAstronomy to take weekly quizzes online and his tests are INSANELY HARD.
