Thank God this man exists.
He's nice enough I guess. But he B'd me. And the TAs do a lot of work
Bill Veeder is hands-down the best teacher I have ever had in my entire life. His teachings inspire my own, and I can't read a Gothic text without seeing what he helped me to see. He is a brilliant reader, and this makes his lectures and classroom discussions rivetting. Put aside your ego and bask in the great fun that his classes are!
great
The first time I received a 'c' on anything, but I didn't mind.  I often refer to him as my '5 percent' professor.  He was wonderful.
AMAZING lecturer.  Like going to the movies twice a week.  Runs a tight ship that doesn't have room for discussions outside his own literary preoccupations, but still so much fun.
a bit of one trick pony.  Vibrant, thorough teaching style but his 'readings' of various novels and stories are all old school freudian oedipal dramatics (which is almost refreshing in a very Marxist school).  Worth a single class but then move on
Brilliant, helpful, and hilarious. Whilst he is very passionate about his own theories, he grades you on how well you present what you feel, and makes you feel like a million bucks when you come up with something new to him. He is a rigorous grader, and a stickler for detail. Also: HOTT.
Veeder is an outstanding showman, but also a lot of smoke and mirrors--in reality, he can be phony and narrow-minded.  Every dome is a breast, every post a phallus:  one often feels that the class is being taught by a horny sixth grader.  And woe betide you if you are not an attractive female.
Love him or hate him-- that's how it goes.  He is a performative professor, comes prepared to entertain, provoke, and enlighten.  Despite the schtik, he cares genuinely about teaching and students. Be prepared to read great books and be entertained!
the man is freakin' hilarious, his lectures are as entertaining as they are insightful. his reliance on psychoanalytic theory can get tiresome at times, but his energy and wit more than makes up for it.
veeder is truly the greatest professor on earth. i do not exaggerate. enthusiastic, entertaining, precise, intelligent, helpful, you name it. not to mention sassy and hot.
The crucial thing about this class is that IT TAKES GETTING USED TO. Veeder calls it a progress course and refuses to see it otherwise. His comment on my first paper was a rude "You can clear read," and I ended up with an A. Booze jokes abound i
Outstanding, sharply witty, energetic, and one of those professors who excites you to read and discuss texts in depth.  One of the two best profs I've ever had.
Let him have his lexicon.
Very cool guy---funny as **** too. Can be narrow minded in class, but open minded in papers. He just requires a TON of proof for whatever you have to say.
Definitely an interesting class but dude, Veeder needs to stop the Freudian analysis because he would totally disregard people's interpretations if it didn't include "anal or oral fixation." He can also be very arrogant and paper comments were v
Veeder is a god on earth.
Sucks majorly.
Incredibly interesting, dynamic, well spoken; I love every Veeder class I've ever taken, and I'm very picky. GREAT PROF!!!
