Not enough time on very math heavy tests. You're allowed a full 8.5x11 note sheet for the exams but no matter what you put on them, that material is never on the test (I've been through 5 of his exams and no one I've spoken to has been successful in prepping a good note sheet for him). Attendance optional, but graded questions each session so....
Dr. Sheagley is a great instructor. He is concise during lectures and wants you to do well. As long as you go through powerpoints, read the textbook, and have a good understanding of the material, you will pass the class. Chemistry is a difficult subject, so make sure to put in a study time to understand concepts/equations. He usually curves tests.
Took CH221 last term and CH222 this term. Its a chemistry class its going to be hard but he is the best chemistry teacher Ive ever had. He is very accessible outside of class and truly wants to help his students. The only downside is the limited amount of time on the tests but he does round grades pretty often.
I only participated in class and took the workshop class too. Didnt do Mastering Chemistry and I didnt read the textbook ever. Still was able to get an A. Tests dont give you enough time, but fairly easy content. Just pay attention in class and take notes. He suggests you do the exercises in the textbook to be successful as well.
Dr. Sheagley is a great instructor; he makes it clear that he will not give you a grade, you have to earn it. Lectures are fun and intriguing, tests are challenging (a page of notes is allowed); he gives good feedback and readily corrects any errors found on tests/slides. Participation is necessary through clicker questions and group worksheets.
Tough teacher. Read the book. Did all mastering chemistry. Got an A in lab. Studied the exam prep sheet and still didnt do well on exams. For once I wish an exam prep sheet was actually useful towards the tests.
He's made a few mistakes in the powerpoints, but has thus far always been amiable and thanked whoever pointed it out. Often does random experiments in class for no other reason than for the hell of it.
Beware taking this terror class, YOU WILL GET SWAMPED. After the first week, you'll be knee deep in work that the Shaggy will bamboozle you with by solving the problems a different way everytime. When it comes to the exams, you are toast. Get used to running marathons, cuz that's what it feels like with his time limits. Your life will only be chem
It's a chemistry class, it's hard. Sheagley has hard tests, but if you practice outside of class an A isn't impossible. He's extremely accessible outside of class and his office hours are splendid. If you don't take his class serious, he probably won't take you serious
Sheagley made me very interested in chemistry, he is passionate. But even after reading the book, getting an A in lab, going to the workshop, getting an online tutor, studying, nothing prepared me for the exams. Nothing I learned translated into a good grade. It was maddening. The POGIL method is a joke, teach your students.
i recommend reading the textbook and reworking a ton of practice problems from the end of the chapter because he moves super fast. sometimes the exams require you to combine equations so you really have to understand / be able to integrate the concepts.
Entertaining lecturer, he gives a lot of extra credit in the class and sometimes curves the course. He puts up old exams to help you study and usually they're the same with different numbers or elements. I took him for the whole year of gen chem, very encouraging and answers to e-mails in a timely manner. The textbook is also helpful if you read it
It's a hit or miss with this guy. Sometimes he gives out random long-story problems on the exams that you have absolutely no idea how to do. He also asks questions about POGIL activities on the exams which is usually a wild guess for me. He often makes mistakes on the exam and you get some free points for it. Would not recommend if you hate math.
Prepare to get BLASTED on the exams because the problems are not even close to the ones he asks in class. Exams are often long and never given enough time to complete. Only way you do good in this class is to have prior knowledge of the materials or study HARD. The only savior is you get a note sheet for every exam but that rarely even helps.
He says from the get-go, he does not give you a grade, you earn it. This is college people, no one is going to hold your hand and give you a participation trophy. Work really hard and you'll do well. This is a science class to prepare you for the realities of STEM. Sheagley gives you the tools to succeed if you are willing to utilize them.
Exam questions are NOTHING like the questions he gives in class or handouts. Exams are often worded in a confusing way. Only way you do good in this class is study day and night. Teacher is cool and down-to-earth but doesn't know how to teach. Exam questions are often long worded problems that you've never seen in your life! Beware and study hard!
This class is the most boring class I've ever taken at PSU, and I think it is all due to the professor's style. He makes you purchase a $40 iClicker so he can grade you on participation, and his lecture is just him reading off of the powerpoint slides. He livens it up with a few examples though. I got an A, but you should take it at PCC instead.
Obviously knows his chemistry but expects everyone to keep up with his often ridiculous pace. Test questions do not match book problems or handouts and if you don't get help outside of class, you will likely struggle.
he knows chemistry but he does not know how to teach it. And he almost always makes mistakes when trying to teach us something new
Sheagley is humble, personable and accessible to students. He has a true desire for students to learn the material.
