He is an ok professor. He is very hard to talk to. Lectures aren't helpful so I just learned on my own. LG Sheets and HW's are fair questions to be on the exam. Thats how you prepare for his exams.
The class boils down to you doing the LG review sheets. If you did the homework and the review you are guaranteed at least a B on the exams. He does take attendance in lecture, and recitation quizzes matter. He likes to lecture on things other than the material but he's a really nice person. Its chemistry so still hard but he makes it easier.
burt himself is a very smart man, he has so much knowledge stored in his head and he teaches fairly well. the course itself is pretty easy as well, he gives textbook questions that are the "study guides" and a lot of the test questions are directly from these questions. lecture quizzes don't count at all still got an a and never went to class.
he is brilliant and updates his study guides often. helped me through mcat studying. Updating the study guides helped me with self-discipline and studying more efficiently. def recommend!
Lectures hard to follow, pretty rude in office hours. You understand the material with his study guides, which are nearly identical to the exam he gives you, but he doesn't give you the answers, and you have to look for them in his disorganized lectures/google. 95-100 is an A which is pretty ass, no drops, no curve. But Rohini Qamra was lit.
One of the most brilliant (although slightly condescending) professors in the Chem department.  His exams are easy as long as you study the way he tells you to and drill yourself with the study guides.  Overall a great class from someone who has a passion for the subject material.  If you took MCB (BIOLUA 21/22), this class is essentially a repeat
Extremely arrogant, rude, and mean. He knows nothing about mutual respect, but his class is easy. Do his study guides and you will get an A.
Dr. Goldberg definitely has favorites, but if you ask good questions and pay attention to him during class, the class will be well worth it. Doing the Study Guides makes the difference of whether you get an A or D in the course. Try to do these in a good time span since he tends to put a lot of questions on them. Highly recommend taking it.
Burt has a "very bright" personality which is not understood by some, but he is The Best in his specialty. Make sure to absorb all the knowledge he has to offer! The subject is difficult with a lot to memorize/learn, yet he teaches only what you need to be successful in med school! Very fair grader, honest and charming. Take him at all costs!!!
He is the best. He's rude but only to students he knows and he's always joking! It doesn't matter if you listen in lecture because if you complete the study guide that he sends you, you will 100% get an A.
It hurts me when people say bad things about BG because he genuinely is the kindest professor i've had at NYU. He cares about all of his students, he just has a funny way of showing it. Lecture is worth going to not even for the material but purely for his stories which are extremely entertaining. Love him!
Dr. Goldberg is definitely not one to mess with, but with that in mind as long as you pay attention in lectures and DO THE STUDY GUIDES then there's no reason why you shouldn't get an A. Make sure to ask more questions during office hours rather than in lectures themselves. Forming study groups is really helpful in the class as well.
He's one of my favorite professors. He comes off a little intimidating at first, but a week or two into the semester you'll figure out he just cares a lot. The lectures aren't overly helpful, but worth showing up to if you have the time. Find a couple of friends to study with. DO THE STUDY GUIDE - IT IS THE EXAM. Put in the work, it'll pay off.
This dude is great. Gen Chem 2 was a class I feared, but I loved it a lot. The class is designed in a way that allows for everyone to get as much as they can out of it, and I really appreciated that. Goldberg does get tied up in his own interests during lecture from time to time, and office hours might be daunting, but the product is really great.
He renewed my interest in chemistry after Mandziuk had destroyed it. He's by far the best science teacher I've had at NYU. He even made me want to switch my major from Biology to Biochemistry (Still debating that). Hopefully I'll have him for Biochem!!
Best Chem professor I have ever had! Aside from having interesting lectures, he is also very inspirational and wants to motivate us all to continue strong in our desired career paths. He really did save my semester and thoughts about continuing with pre-med! I owe it all to this man
Burt Goldberg is the best professor I've ever had at NYU. Do not believe any negative thing you hear about him. This man will change your life. I love him.
Was continually disappointed by his lectures. He does yell a lot and insults people, but as someone mentioned he's a softie, you can see that he means well. At first I liked him, but I learned almost nothing from lecture cause of his rambling; he goes off on a tangent with stories from his youthetc. Which is sad because he's obviously intelligent.
Best prof. I have ever had.
One of the best professors I have taken! He may seem intimidating in the beginning, but he is a softy at heart. He appreciates people that do the study guides on time, show up to lecture and make an effort in class. Answer the study guides and you will do fine on the exams.
