All-around a wonderful professor who cares about the outcomes of his students. Take this class if you are passionate about learning and can take a challenge in stride. Make sure to attend the lectures, and devote a significant amount of time to the p-sets.
Great professor. Most students don't recognize that going to his office hours allow him to talk one-on-one and help you explain concepts. I got an A+ and yes it is true that youtube could be an aid, but TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OFFICE HOURS. Tell him what you don't understand and he will explain the concept to you. Not the easiest A, but IT IS manageable
Never again. Hardest class ever
DONT'T take this class!!! The class is based on one thing and the test is on another. I tried my best for this class and still did really bad. The TA doesn't give partial for the exams even he said he did. I basically taught myself for the entire period.
Hands down the worst class I took. Notation is important in this class, but he and his TA often teach DIFFERENT ways to notate, and then they will take off points if you use one by randomly choosing between the two it seems. Other discrepancies between lecture/section make this an infuriating experience. DON'T TAKE THIS CLASS.
I graduated from the ALB program and Neugeboren's class is hands-down the hardest class I ever took at Harvard.  He has his TF teach new material at section (defeats the purpose of section, does it not?) and his problem sets are deceptively simple - you'll get excited that there are only 5 questions, but you'll spend 2 hours on each question.
I like the boy!
Prof. Neugeboren is a nice guy, and knows his stuff. He can be a little confusing at times, but the real misery in this course comes from the Psets and tests, both of which are completely brutal, and 100% written and graded by the TA. The Psets take at least 15 hours each to do, and are overcomplicated to say the very least. Would not take again.
a professional lecturer;  well organized lecture
For a large class, the lectures were remarkably engaging.
Currently taking his ECON 1010. Probably the worst professor I have studied under. He is extremely knowledgable, but does not know how to teach.
Worst prof. ever!I really think Harvard should refund what I've paid for this class.  Textbook, lecture, and section won't help much for the homework and exams.  I was relied on lectures on the youtube and study materials from the GOOGLE.  If you have to take this course, make sure you have access to Google and Youtube, otherwise, you will fail.
Horrible. This class is not a theory class, but rather a calculus analytical one. He reads the slides and doesn't explain anything. When asked a question, he doesn't want to answer it. Problem sets ask questions that are not in his slides nor book he "recommends' reading. Very poor value, you learn nothing valuable in this course.
I actually didn't think he was that bad. I thought he was good at teaching. Material was good, teaching was clear enough.
you'll never regret taking his class.
Expected him to be terrible, but he's actually pretty clear and his lectures are rather interesting!  Am I jumping up and down with excitement every lecture?  No, but I'm not falling asleep--nor am I completely lost.  His slides are really great too.
Robert Neugeboren is perhaps the worst lecturer I have ever had.  His presentation of economics at the advanced level is disorganized and confusing.  I was left with the impression that he had no idea what he was talking about.  Perhaps that is why Harvard College relegated him to the Extension School.
Worst lecturer I've had in 3 years here. Disorganized, unclear. Stood at the board with chalk in one hand, eraser in the other, waiting to wipe off his long-winded way of getting to an incorrect solution to a simple problem.
The worst teacher I've ever had.  Unclear, disorganized, unprepared and ineffective.
best teecher i ever got at harvard
