Yes orgo is hard, but Baldwin is very fair and really wants you to do well. His hour exams were difficult, but there were no surprises. The final is considerably harder than the hour exams. I found that lecture wasn't as helpful as just reading the textbook and working practice problems, of which he provides plenty. He tries to make you laugh.
Extremely extremely hard course but Baldwin makes it better by throwing hilarious jokes in the middle of his lectures. Def have to work for it, but his midterms are just like the past hour exams so study those really well. Lots of hours need to be put in outside of class to really understand the material but very rewarding in the end.
Dr. Baldwin was an amazing professor who somehow made Orgo an enjoyable experience. Like the previous reviewer attested, he hands out extremely fair examinations. Do his old hour exams that he posts, as those tend to reflect the styles of questions that'll appear on your exams. The final is essentially an amalgamation of his hour exams but harder.
This man is a gem of a professor: amazing teacher, hilarious, and gives VERY fair exams based on material. Would recommend taking notes before class and going to lecture to just learn the material you need for the exams. Overall, makes orgo an enjoyable experience.
Absolutely amazing professor. Lectures on the important information from the book and adds some of his own information not from the book so 100% go to lecture. He tries to help his students to the best of his ability inside and outside of class and is extremely intelligent. Tests were very fair although hard and requires a thorough comprehension.
Know how to do every single problem in his practice exams and you will be fine. Also summer orgo1 is objectively the move.
Just go to class and take notes. He's a great lecturer and tests what he goes over in class. Every orgo 1/2 class is hard people, no professor is gonna be easy cuz orgo is just plain hard. You want Baldwin for either orgo - his exams are very predictable just like is past exams so do those! Class curved so mean is B and above mean is A
I had a rough semester but nonetheless this class and this professor are very tough. I think Baldwin is a fine professor and gives decent lectures, but I found him very unhelpful outside of class and he expects a lot of you. I recommend getting a tutor and being ready to read and learn outside his classroom.
Baldwin is one of the better orgo 1 professors at Duke. His lectures can be a little dry and it's easy to get lost, but once you read the chapters and actually understand the material, you realize that his lectures are very thorough and he focuses on what he will test you on. Tests can definitely be tricky, but I think he is a fair professor.
Baldwin is an awesome professor. He's got a great dry sense of humor and he makes sure to keep students informed about test scores and curves. Would definitely take a class with him again.
If youre taking orgo, this is the prof you wanna take it w/. Hes really funny and thus keeps students engaged during lecture, despite how dry the material is. His three hour exams are 100% fair. The last two are challenging, but everything on there is stuff that he went over in class - no surprises. He made orgo 20x less miserable.
So much fun to listen to in lecture. You should attend every lecture and take super good notes to pass the hour exams--definitely take advantage of the vintage hour exams when studying.
A very firm but very fair class. Unlike some chem 201 professors, there are absolutely no "gotcha" style problems that intend to trip up students. He cracks joke during lectures and makes them pretty worth your time. That being said this class is all about independent study so make sure NOT to put if off until the night before.
Professor Baldwin is a great professor. Orgo is super hard, but he makes it manageable. READ THE TEXTBOOK. That's a must. Also, go to recitation--it's super helpful. If your TA isn't helpful, just go to one that is.
Orgo is hard. There's no other way to put it. No matter how amazing of a professor Dr. Baldwin is, some people just aren't meant for orgo. Make sure to do the problem sets and read the textbook before the tests. 10/10 go to office hours just to talk to Baldwin because he is awesome even though the subject matter is not.
Baldwin made orgo way easier than it could have been, but it was still VERY hard. Lecture is mostly examples, not instruction, so reading the textbook is very necessary if you want to do well. Funny professor, 10/10 would recommend.
I took orgo 2 with baldwin and it was surprisingly not bad. His lectures are clear and he's always willing to help outside of class.
I loved Baldwin.  I hated Orgo 1 with Canelas, but actually really liked Orgo 2 with Baldwin.  He writes everything on the chalkboard so it's really easy to follow along.  I recommend going to the weekly CMA Orgo sessions because they are way more helpful than Baldwin's Review sessions.  Studied really hard and did well.
Dr. Baldwin is one of the best professors at Duke. His lecture can be a bit dull, but he has a great sense of humor. He is also very clear and a fair grader (most people got points back on regrades). His midterms are fairly straightforward if you do the practice tests, but beware, that man sure does know how to write a tough final.
He's a great teacher just be sure to study hard. Nothing at Duke is especially easy but if you prepare for orgo 2 you will be ready for the tests. Also make sure you do the practice tests so many times hat you memorize how to do those problems
