Great professor who obviously cares about the students. I will reiterate the previous comments, that the books for the class are online, so you don't need to buy them. If you're coming in with previous programming experience, especially in Python this should be a pretty easy class. Just memorize the API and you're set.
EGR103 is a pretty easy class; if you want an A you'll get it. It's not a popular opinion, but I didn't like Dr. G at all. His lectures were incredibly dry, his jokes are canned and clearly rehearsed, and he just isn't a super genuine guy. The textbook is available online so don't buy it. The labs are time consuming but straight forward.
He really puts in a lot of effort into making the course extremely engaging. The class made me more interested in engineering than I already was. The tests are annoying because we have to essentially memorize API's, but other than that, the class is AWESOME!!!
Dr. G is the best prof I've had so far- he's a very fair grader and is super approachable. Textbook is online so dont buy it.
Dr. G does a very good job with this class. While sometimes the labs can take hours upon hours to complete, they are satisfying and applicable. They can touch on challenging math concepts, but Dr. G tries to explain all of them. Just make sure to study for the two midterms because they are 30% of your grade each.
Professor Gustafson is a great guy who genuinely cares about his students. If you have little programming experience he definitely tries to explain the basic concepts thoroughly and takes time each week to explain how to go about solving every problem on the lab/homework. The two midterms are definitely focused more on how well you know the syntax.
Dr. G is a great professor. He's very passionate and KNOWS what he's talking about. Unfortunately, this means that you're also expected to learn a lot of things that may or may not be tested. You come out of the class knowing the material very well but this may impact your GPA in doing so (HW is hard af). Try to take someone else for this class.
He is a good teacher, but the reality of the situation is that the vast majority of people giving this guy a 5 and rating the class with a 1-3 difficulty have prior coding experience. If you have good knowledge of coding (even in other areas) its easy. If you have no prior experience, it will take years to do the work. It's extremely difficult.
Dr. G is a funny guy with a great personality. His lectures are fast paced and sometimes not very helpful unless you actually reviewed the material beforehand. I didn't go to much of his lectures, but I could get by studying his homework (and reading the textbook). A lot of hwk! He has clear expectations on exams and is manageable
Very hard class with tons of homework, but Dr. G is there to help you out with it if you go to his lectures and office hours. He's also just a really nice guy.
I had Gustafson for EGR103, hated Matlab but loved the professor. Although he teaches a lot of other egr courses, he makes himself extremely available to students. I still wonder how he could fit so much into his schedule. He's a funny professor, pretty nerdy, but in a good way.
Dr. G is a good guy but his lectures aren't useful (usually never), I just study for exams doing the homework/reading the textbook. He's smart and quirky but if you want to really learn to do well in the class grade wise, you should try to study on your own. His office hours do help, however
Dr. G is the man. The course material was dry by nature but was a good lecturer considering that. Most of the learning comes through labs which are quite time-consuming but easy to get help with from TAs or Piazza. Getting a good grade is doable if you do the work. Overall extremely organized and dedicated to teaching.
People find him witty and like his humor - I get that. His lectures however, are incredibly fast paced and leave students lost towards the end. Walking out of lecture, most complain about how none of it made any sense. Homeworks are ridiculously time consuming, and will leave you frustrated.
Dr. G was easily accessible through Piazza. I had no prior coding before but it was still easy to end up with an A. The labs are difficult and time-consuming but just go to office hours and TAs will help you get a high grade. There were 3 major tests very similar to old tests and no final.
I greatly enjoyed my time as one of Dr. G's students. He goes out of his way to be accessible on Piazza and to make grading criteria as clear as possible. He also provides a ton of resources to help you through labs. While lectures weren't really necessary to attend, I found that the background info he provided was generally helpful in some way.
Dr. G is the teacher for the first year EGR class, and it's not too difficult if you have previous coding experience. Just turn in the labs on time (which can take a while), memorize a few lines of code needed for the tests, and you'll be fine. He's an okay lecturer, and very involved in the Engineering department at Duke.
Dr. G cares a lot about the success of his students and provides a ton of resources... take advantage of them and definitely go to office hours. The material can seem overwhelming at first, but everything in the class is manageable.
The only things tested was what was on labs, but the problem is the material in labs was never taught in class. While he is a very intelligent guy, every class consisted of an hour of some math you would never have to do again followed by him giving you one line of code that would do it all. Also, latex will be your best friend by the end :(
Dr. Gustafson is one of the better professors at Duke. Not only is he highly respected by other faculty members, but he is an amazing professor. His lectures are always filled with information (and are pretty fun to attend - he is a funny lecturer). Lab attendance is not necessary for unless explicitly required. I would highly recommend Dr. G!
