Great teacher. Presents material in a clear and concise way so you know whats going on at all times. HW was 50% of grade, midterm and final were 25%. Cant really go wrong with that grading scheme.
Such a great professor who knows how to deliver the desired information briefly and clearly without useless things. A do-able and reasonable amount of HW every week worth 50% of total score. no textbook required. 1 midterm + 1 final, or 2 midterm (50%). Understand the main concepts easily and clearly. He Posts the lecture notes as well. take him!
clear and concise. He assigns very little homework, but expect the homework to show up on the exams. Exams 50%, homework 50% so it's pretty easy to get an A if you just do the few problems he asks you to do. He doesn't make you purchase a textbook and any concepts you need learn you can just Google it. Posts lecture notes online.
The best professor I've ever had! He makes statistic a fun course! He teaches in such a way that everybody understand the material!
Dr. Fountain is the best professor I've had in PSU! He has deep knowledge in the field. He makes the statistic so easy to understand.
Dr. Fountain is an incredible math professor. He is very clear and concise in his lectures and the quizzes are straight forward. You are allowed to use a sheet of notes on every quiz &amp; midterm. Use the sheet! Put homework questions and practice problems on it. The midterm and final are similar to quiz problems. If you hate math take stats with him!
He speaks fast in his lectures. The material he goes over is so detailed that you pray no one makes a sound for fear of missing pertinent information. Bring your Texas Instrument from high school and leave room for the free tutors on the second floor of the library - after 4pm most days  Take notes and write small bc you can use a sheet on quizzes.
Homework is graded very fair. Lectures are very straightforward and give you a good idea of the material. The assigned book was only used for homework, but was a good reference at times. Tests 50%, HW 50%. Tests not too hard.
Math has not been my strong suit for as long as I can remember. Professor Fountain truly made me understand math way more than I ever have before. He is very clear with his notes and explains what he is going over very thoroughly and precisely. Whether math is your strong suit or not, I would strongly recommend taking a math class with him.
He is great, although it is hard to reach him because the TAs are the ones you can directly ask questions. It was also very hard to know what my current grade was, because he didnt post up the grade and the TAs didnt too.
The best professor ever! He give you link to access for textbook so u dont have spent your money on it. His instruction and lecturer are clear and you will happy to be in his class.
One of the best professors i've ever had the pleasure of being one of their students. He was very clear and straight forward. He explains everything by writing down notes that he later on posts online, he also sent us a link to the book so that no one has to buy anything. There is weekly quizes, a midterm, a final, and 4 labs total in the term.
Robert fountain is the best math professor I've had so far while in college. I'm the worse at math!! His teaching style is what made me succeed. He's very organized, clear, simple and gets straight to the point. He writes his notes as he goes. He doesn't overload you with too much info. Weekly quizzes (short&amp;easy) and two exams (short&amp;easy).
By far the best math professor I have ever had. He explains everything in class and creates his notes as he goes, instead of having a powerpoint and just reading it to you. He puts his notes on his website right after class, which is really helpful if you miss some classes. Lets you out early every class. Midterm and final are cake, you get notes.
Dr. Fountain is the best math professor I have ever encountered. He has great lectures and will stop for questions even in a 200+ student lecture hall. The exact notes from lecture are posted online promptly. The exams are very similar to the notes and study guide. Go to class even though it isn't mandatory or you'll fall behind.
Great teacher! His lectures and notes were very helpful. I would absolutely recommend! One of the best instructors.
I had Dr. Fountain for Stats 244 lecture. He is very clear, very helpful, and to the point. Class will get out early every day, which allows you to absorb the material. He takes notes as he teaches and posts them on his website. The workload is very balanced. If you understand the material you'll do fine. Take him over the other math professors.
I had Dr. Fountain for STAT 243 and 244, and he's great. Super clear lectures, always doing at least two example problems that he walks you through for each new topic. All notes are posted online. He's very polite and helpful. He always only goes as long as the material needs, so you'll get out of class early a lot (sometimes like 50 minutes).
He had very clear lectures and the tests weren't too hard and we very short and multiple choice. Very helpful and gives extra credit so its hard not to pass this class. One of the best math teachers I've had and I would recommend him to any student.
Dr. Fountain is definitely one of the best professors I've ever had. Lectures are spent working through examples and the notes are always posted online. Quizzes and exams are exactly what he teaches in class. Answers all questions and really makes the content easy to understand for anyone. Take 243-244 with Dr. Fountain!
