He makes you work for it but at the end of the day you will learn a lot, be inspired, and do well in class
Banks is a fantastic teacher. I learnt x2 more in this class than any other I have taken at Duke and the content I learnt will serve me the rest of my life.
One of the best professors I've had at Duke. Makes every lecture entertaining, and he's extremely well-known in the stats world. Unless you've been hiding for the entire semester, it's likely Dr. Banks knows your name. It's quite a workload (a quiz each class), but he goes through each homework assignment at his office hours so HW isn't stressful.
Overall Banks is a pretty good professor. You need to stay on top of the material and actually study for the quizzes that are every class. If you don't, your grade will drop. Quizzes were more of a pain than the tests. Definitely go to office hours to get help with the homework otherwise you will lose points there too.
Prof Banks knows pretty much everything there is to know about Statistics. That being said this was by far the most work intensive class I have taken as an Econ major thus far at Duke. With a quiz literally every single class and 4 midterms make sure you are not taking this with a lot of other work heavy classes.
The man is an absolute legend. One of the smartest professors on campus for sure. Tests are pretty tough but pretty reasonable.
Best professor I've had so far at Duke. You have to go to class because of the daily quizzes but they actually help you keep up with material. Go to his office hours! He goes over a lot of the solutions to the homework problems which can otherwise seem impossible.
D Banks is too smart to be teaching this class. He is an engaging professor and expects too much from his students, but the class is interesting and you will learn a lot. He is a generous grader is general and is not out to give poor grades.
Good.
Dr. Banks is a decent professor-- a genius and cares about his students, but can be confusing and move really fast in lectures. Does a good job of showing students how statistics is relevant to real life. Daily quizzes almost killed me, but did help make sure I knew the material. Office hours are great-- he basically does the problem set for you.
Hate myself for saying this but Prof Banks is a F'ing legend. Yeah he's probably way to smart to be teaching this class and sometimes can be hard to follow in lecture and the daily quizzes are a little ridiculous but if you want a future in stats he is hands down the best professor you could ask for. Test &amp; HW are hard but he curves fairly.
This class had an insane workload-quizzes every lecture and ridiculous homework assignments. The curve both made and killed my grade, since students who had time to study for quizzes on a daily basis did way better. Do not take this class with other difficult classes.
No words to describe how nice and helpful he is! Quizzes everyday are annoying/stressful &amp; the tests are hard; he posts practice versions that are very similar so if you learn those then you'll be good. HW is hard but you can find some of the answers online. An annoying amount of work. He is a fantastic person but don't recommend this class :/
Dr. Banks is great. Almost too smart and moves quickly, but very willing to help. This class is hard but not impossible. Daily quizzes and weekly problem sets can be rough but are actually really helpful for tests, which are not cumulative. If you stay on top of it, put in the work, and go to office hours, you'll be fine.
Absurdly hard class. He's very knowledgable, but he's almost too smart to be teaching this class. Had a very hard time relating the material to his students.
Banks is straightforward, very helpful, and definitely wants to make sure you aren't suffering with his class. The work load is intense but not unbearable. Expect quizzes every class all semester. Midterms are tough but Banks is very invested in making sure his students get help if they need it.
Great professor who takes great strides to make his large lecture class feel more like a small seminar.  Course material is incredibly fast-paced and difficult, but rewarding if you manage to stay on top of your work and keep up.  You do get to drop your lowest HW, Lab, midterm, and 2 quizzes, which is helpful.  No final exam.
Go to class and review each class before quiz. Expect to spend around 10 hours a week outside of class (probably double that when you have a midterm) and you should have at least an A-.
D-Banks is the man. That being said, Stat 111 is rough. It is, by a considerable margin, the most work-intensive course I have ever taken in my entire life. Quizzes every day, 4 midterm exams, and they're all very hard. I had to work very hard to get an A- in this class, and people with tougher schedules than me had it way worse.
He is the best!
