I got a 2.0 in this class but he was the easiest of the 101 professors from what I heard. He's a funny guy, and if you show up everything in lecture is from the book and you should do way better than I did.
I loved taking Psych with Hambrick. Very genuine guy who truly enjoys teaching. His lectures are enjoyable and he provides excellent media / real-life examples for specific terms. The tests cover exactly what is referenced in PowerPoints and sometimes the textbook as well, but they are very easy if you put in study time.
Hambrick was awesome for psych. I would suggest going to class and listening to the lectures and stories he tells, but if you are someone that can teach yourself the material, then he does post all of his powerpoints the week before each exam. You have to participate in a few hours of research studies but you can get EC from them if you do extra!
He's a great guy and wants you do well in the class. It's an easy A as long as you review the notes
Heres the whole class in a nutshell.... u dont need to go because he teaches from a powerpoint which he gives you 1 week before the tests. The class is an easy 4 because literally every test question comes from the powerpoints. With that being said the powerpoints are long so lots of memorizing,
Long lectures
Amazing teacher and a great person to get to know. Highly recommend him because he truly loves his job and he offers you 3% extra credit if you an extra 6 hours of research. He is really funny and a down to earth guy who really, really, loves dogs.
I went to every class, put in numerous hours of studying, and even attended his office hours multiple times, yet I still ended up with a C in the class. Got a 95 on the final and was a point away from a higher grade but he would not change it. His class solely is based off 4 exams and a few hours in research labs.
The class is just exam grades which can be difficult, but if you pay attention to the lectures, take good notes, and make sure you study at least a bit you'll be okay.  Hambrick gives interesting lectures and he kind of sounds like Bill Clinton which is a plus.  I really enjoyed the class!
Very charming and funny individual. Lectures were given with care and charisma. Tests only. No homework. No "mandatory" reading but I recommend you do the reading if you want a good grade.
A great teacher and made me excited to go to every class. I would love to take one of his courses again or shadow him in his work.
cool guy
best professor at msu
Such a great professor! Goes over everything in detail and as long as you review all of the terms, you'll do fine on the tests. He's hilarious and a really nice guy.
As long as you go to lecture, you shouldn't have to do much reading outside of class besides the 2-3 pages he tells you to read before an exam. Lectures are very information heavy and provide a lot of examples that are extremely helpful. Also funny and entertaining which makes lectures go by faster. Grade is all exams with the exception of 3%
Really great teacher, makes sure you know the material and makes the lectures interesting.
Very long lectures, but you get one break, and sometimes he'll even let the class go early. Very nice and funny professor.
Hambrick is extremely helpful and funny. He makes the class interesting, even though it's very long. He wants students to do well. I would recommend taking the class with him if possible.
Goes over everything you need and reiterates material from book so you don't have to read it. Doesn't drone on and makes sure you have access to materials before tests.
He was a cool teacher. For me, it was an easy A, even though I skipped class a lot and barely studied. I do not recommend skipping class if you are not a naturally smart person! He explains the material great, and he is easy to listen to. Do what you need to do to get that A and you will be fine. Good luck!!
