Prof Gibson is a great teacher who tells you exactly what you need to do in order to pass the class. His lectures are very important, and if you miss one, you'll have a lot of catching up to do. He is, however, quite funny and clearly loves what he does, and he gives off good vibes during class. Not an easy class, but definitely worth taking.
terrible
There are quizzes over what we learned every other week. Overall the class isn't too hard but you should do reading on your own despite the lectures in class. He provides practice quizzes and study materials on blackboard to help. Overall a very good class.
I actually enjoyed him a lot. DO THE EXTRA CREDIT! It is a safety blanket for you if you are failing/struggling in the class! My rough estimate of my grade for this semester lies on a C+. With the extra credit it bumped me to a B-! Pay attention in class, lecture and text count for quizzes! Do NOT miss out, you are basically screwed!
Dr. GIbson is a great guy, very knowledgeable in the subject. However, the class involves 7 quizzes and in order to score well on them you HAVE to read the chapters. The final is optional and if you take the final he will drop your two lowest quiz grades. Good luck!
Gibson is a rally smart guy, and his teaching style is exactly what I expected coming into college. Very lecture based. 7 quizzes, 2 lowest get dropped. Those are your only grades so make sure you study. Quizzes are over the material he teaches in class, and two chapters in the book. If you study, go to class, and don't be lazy... you'll be fine.
His lectures make little sense. He goes off on tangents every class which makes it really hard to follow the lecture notes. He's a little bit crazy as well. Don't speak your opinion on anything politics related because you WILL get yelled at and have a big debate in class. you would think its easy bc of the 100 level class but nope. good luck
Dr. Gibson is a very interesting man. He has a lot of stories to tell and loves to tell them. Although when it comes to lectures, be prepared to write so fast that your hand will feel like it is falling off. He flies through his power points. He does give extra credit opportunities. Tests are extremely hard if you do not study.
Gibson is very interesting however I study very hard for tests and do not do very well. He gives lots of extra credit opportunity and going to class is not mandatory.
Prof Gibson is very knowledgeable and very interesting to listen too. His lectures are very helpful and important so you should go every time. Buy the book and read it or else you wont do well. Also utilize his practice quizzes they are extremely helpful for the actual quizzes!
Not a psych major or minor or anything, but I loved his lectures. Very interesting &amp; exciting to learn about. Buy and read the textbook!!! He shares good online resources-use them! Tests are only hard if you dont study.
I took this class via the online format. It was a very interesting class with relevant projects, interesting videos and assignments to supplement the materials, and plenty of study guides and options for extra credit. I found Dr. Gibson to be prompt in responding to e-mailed questions and he gave serious attention and good detail in his responses.
Dr. Gibson seemed to be very knowledgeable in the field of social psych, but his way of presenting material was somewhat difficult to comprehend. His class was 100% lecture and they got lengthy/boring. Bullet points on his slides were unclear and made taking notes difficult. Study hard for exams since they make up most of grade. Lots of ex credit!
Course was poorly taught. Tests were based on material not found in textbook or lectures. Quiz every week. Class three times a week. Attendance not mandatory but if you miss you're lost. Not accessible, was not willing to help students other than the EX-C opportunity (taking a PSY survey for use by a different class).
Great professor! Quite intimidating at first, but not that bad as we got into the semester. VERY lecture heavy and lectures fast, but go to the lectures, attendance isn't taken, therefore not mandatory, but if you go to the lectures you won't even need the textbook. Utilize the short answer questions and practice quizzes given. Lots of extra credit
Real simple for PSY100 find someone else, you have to read a min 30 pages a week and take hard notes in class to get a decent grade, he is very rude, but make sure you check the syllabus cause he might screw you over with 1 of his many exceptions to his own rules.
Quizzes every Friday but they are very easy &amp; you get to drop your 2 lowest scores. The final exam is optional. Tons of extra credit opportunities. Do the practice quizzes on blackboard because they are almost identical to the actual quiz. He also gives you the short answer question that will be asked on the quiz.
Going to be as fair. Gives u 8% extra credit if your willing to put forth work. Bryan after that is complete aids and i recommend you kys if you take this class. REQUIRED to show up to class unless your very smart, his 2 students love to take off 2point off your short answer questions so you at max get 90% and chances are you arent getting an A.
Professor Gibson is a easy teacher to have. He's funny and gives very interesting lectures. You seriously don't have to show up for any of the lectures. He puts all the power points online and just buy the book and you can home-teach yourself. I got a B, but I could have easily gotten an A and probably showed up to class probably 35% of the times
He is one of the funnest and funniest profs I think i'll ever have. Please show up t class and take notes and you'll do fine on his weekly quizzes.
