Honestly, one of the best professors that I have taken in my 3 years at ASU. You won't want to skip a single class because of how interesting his lectures are. The excel assignments can be a pain but the quizzes and exams are open book and open notes. There is no way to not get an A in this class.
One of the best professor in the entire campus. He's hilarious and gives straightforward lectures. He will point out specific topics that are on exams and offers generous extra credits. As long as you study and put in the work, CIS 105 is an easy A. He doesn't respond to emails; therefore, you can only contact him at his office hours or in class.
Might just be the best teacher out of all the Campuses. A MUST take, for a rich and fun college experience.
Loved this class. I had McCarthy for my CIS 105 course and he made my first semester. Totally recommend!
Excellent professor, his lectures were always interesting. I genuinely looked forward to going to his classes. Assignments were on Prometheus, and multiple choice. Learned so much from this class, I wish I could take him again next semester. Highly recommend!!!
He is very funny and interesting to listen to. However, going to class is completely unnecessary the assignments are very easy to complete without attending.
Does knowledge checks in class and lets you use the textbook for the midterm and final. Really enjoyed this class!
His part of CIS 105 was very relaxed. You don't neex to attend lectures, although he does do the knowledge checks with you at the end of class instead of doing them for hw. The multiple choice exams are mostly searchable.
Loved McCarthy! Course Syllabus lets you know what and when assignments are due. Make sure to go to lectures, he makes them fun and engaging. Weekly knowledge checks and microsoft excel/access assignments (go to class it helps). Only exams are midterm and final. You'll be sure to laugh during his lectures.
Professor McCarthy is approachable. He gives great lectures by applying textbook knowledge to our professional lives. He emphasizes what is on the test through his lectures, so I would recommend attending every class. Also, provides plenty of opportunities for extra credit.
Super sarcastic, funny guy. He does all the homework in class, and lets you use your textbook on all the exams. Just don't cheat or get up and leave during the middle of class and there won't be any problems.
McCarthy can be a difficult person but he's chill overall. Just show up, chances are he'll basically give you the answers for the knowledge checks. There's no reason to get below a B in this class honestly just show up and do the work.
Super funny, does homework in class. Dont need to show up to do hw though, all answers are online.
Honestly, this is going to be one of the easiest classes you take because of how the class is set up. Show up and you will get all the answers to your homework in the lecture!
Amazing professor, his lectures were helpful not only for the exams, but they apply to real life. Gives great advice and stimulates thinking.
Professor McCarthy is hilarious in his lectures and supports the students who work their hardest. He completes most of the homework assignments in class, so it benefits you to attend the lectures. Also, he offers lots of extra credit. However, he does not like emails, so the best way to ask questions is either in class or office hours.
Make sure to do the work on time and dont fall behind because its a pain if you do trust me.
This course is taught by two professors, McCarthy one one day, and Wood on the other. McCarthy thoroughly explains everything and addresses each concept with a real life application, which is very helpful. He usually concludes each lecture by going through the homework with you and gives awesome tips on how to pass the midterm!
Best professor at ASU ever. You have to try to fail. Go to his lectures, they are the best and he'll let you do the quizzes in class with him. Easy grade.
McCarthy is great. He genuinely cares for his students and their grades even when he's making snarky jokes and comments. Attendance isn't taken but attending lecture will be helpful in the end! There's an assignment every week in the book but they're pretty easy. Just do your part and you should be good.
