I had Ringenberg for 280, and I thought his lectures were entertaining and really helpful. He explained complicated concepts really well, and would take time with each question to answer it thoroughly. The projects and exams for the class can be tricky, but if you give yourself enough time and stay caught up, they're definitely manageable.
He was an okay lecturer for ENGR 151. I had previous programming experience, but I found the material quite difficult because he zoomed through most concepts and did not explain the harder things like recursion very clearly.
Yay! I'm being specific!! :)
Super funny and enthusiastic. This was his first time teaching ENGR151. We start with the basics of programming in the beginning of the semester so it was boring at first for people with prior coding experience. I would highly recommend having prior coding experience though cuz we went fast afterwards. Mandatory labs, lectures recorded online.
Very entertaining lecturer.
Take his class, best ENGN 101 teacher here by far
I like Ringenberg, went to almost all his lectures. He has early office hours up north, but I went once and I found him very helpful. It's an easy A if you keep up with the lectures and projects. I recommend going to class even if the lectures are recorded.
Going in, I hardly knew anything about programming. He knew there were lots of kids in that boat, and I think he did a good job of teaching from the ground up in that respect.  So even if you don't have any experience, it's not too hard to get a good grade if you keep up with the material.
Good teacher and lecturer.  Dry sense of humor.  Tests are quite tricky, but that's just the class. Lots of work.  Based on my performance compared to others who performed at a lower level than I did,  I don't agree with the grade I got.
Dr. Ringenberg is a great professor, however the class was quite unorganized this semester. Not sure how much of that was his fault or not. Otherwise, his lectures were interesting for the most part.
Jeff was a good professor overall. Since they were early lectures on north, I almost never went to class except for lab. As long as you read the powerpoint notes online you should be fine if you have some experience with programming. From what I heard of the other professors, Jeff is the best one to have for Engr101.
Amazing Professor. Attendance is not required because he posts recordings of his lectures. His PowerPoints are very easy to follow and have walkthroughs of code which make it easy to understand. Although lecture was early on north, he made it as painless as possible
Awesome professor. If you're in compsci and have the chance to have him, you have to be in his class. He's the rock star professor that every college needs.  If you go to lectures and pay attention, take time to understand the material, it's an easy A. (but you still have to put in some work)
Yes indeed. Accept and love this man.
I had Ringenberg for both 101 and 280. Not the easiest person to pay attention to but he explains things alright. Can be a bit of a superiority complex. 101 is for weeding people out of CoE, and 280 is where they start weeding out CS wannabes. I did well in 101, but so did everybody in 280, so 280 is much harder. Many CS wannabes give up after 280.
Ringenberg can be funny in lecture. He does shoot for a certain grade average though and admits that. Class is meant to weed people out of the College of Engineering as a whole rather than just a major within it (seriously if you can't do at least decently in the class you don't have the ability to succeed in engineering). Exams are tough but fair.
I thought Ringenberg was good for 101, but only okay for 280. Can be a nice guy, although occasionally condescending. Something with the way he teaches just didn't resonate with me. I always zoned out and went off task if I went to lecture. Lecture is not mandatory. Just watch the lecture recordings at 1.5x. It saves time.
Not a real expert in the course material because he was wrong with inheritance (whether private member variables are inherited). But this doesn't matter because exams are made by GSIs and he is even not responsible for the autograder and projects. That being said, you should either learn by yourself or go to DeOrio for deeper understanding of C++.
EECS 280 is a tough class. Ringenberg is an okay professor. A bit of a superiority complex, but is good enough to make you understand the concepts. The exams are extremely hard and you cannot count on your projects to save your grade. Don't expect any sympathy if you try to submit your project to the autograder even one second late though.
For EECS 280 Ringenberg contributes to how tough the exams can be. This class IS meant to weed out CS majors, despite the instructors denying it. Many people think after ENGR 101 that they wanna do CS and then say "never mind" after EECS 280. He can be funny at times, but somehow I always got bored and couldn't pay attention in his lectures.
