Brother Smith is honestly my favorite professor at BYU. The reading assignments are very reasonable, only one (long-ish but personal in nature so it's not too bad) paper, and he gives you everything that will be on the tests. His lectures are amazing and (dare I say??) life changing!! He does joke, so if you're sensitive to that, be aware!
Great class. Not difficult; it's pretty straight-forward to do well. Just know the review slides, and you'll nail the test. I always enjoyed lecture!
Great guy. Really funny. If you don't like borderline offensive LDS jokes dont take his class. Everything he puts on the test is taken from a review slide that he presents each class period from the previous lecture. One 8-10 page paper at the end of the semester, but its entirely testimony so it's a breeze. Really cares about you. Take his class!
Brother Smith is a fantastic religion professor. He knows a lot about the scriptures and provides interesting background on the New Testament. During class, he makes lots of jokes but also knows when to be serious. His class is inspiring, interesting and educational, but easy to do well in if you come to class and pay attention.
He has the best lectures. His tests are tricky but manageable if you memorize his review slides. 1 paper- not bad. Quite a bit of reading due each class but it's worth it. Class isn't mandatory but it would be in your best interest to go so you can do well on the tests and just because he is an awesome guy. 10/10 guy. 8/10 class.
literally the coolest guy you'll meet
Make sure you go to his test reviews, If you don't you will not pass the test.
Phenomenal. His lectures and insights blew me away. I started my days of class with him and I'm so grateful I did because it got me energized for the rest of the day. The exams are tough, but if you go to the review sessions, you'll be pretty well off. Hardest religion class I have taken so far, but by no means is it too much to handle.
Brother Smith is the absolute best. He's SO funny and I really felt the Spirit and learned a ton in his class. There's a fair amount of reading before each lecture (usually 3-4 chapters from the NT and a handful of bible dictionary entries, with the occasional video or conf. talk) but I didn't think it was too bad. There's one paper, tests are easy
Brother Smith is hilarious. His tests can be difficult, but he and the TA give you what you need to study. Even with more difficult tests, his lectures make it worth it. You don't want to miss them because he's amazing.
Very glad I took this class! This would be a great class to prepare for a mission because you learn about Jesus Christ himself. You absolutely can't miss lectures - but there are very specific review slides of what you need to know for exams. Don't underestimate the tests but if you know the lectures well you're fine. I would definitely recommend!!
Hank Smith is maybe my favorite professor at BYU. I've taken REL A 122 and 250 from him, and if I can I'll take more too! His lectures are great, and while he does make you work a little (600 words a week in journals and one long paper) his class is very doable and definitely worth it. He loves his students and does everything he can to help.
WOW! One of the best religion professors here. Most of his points come from assigned reading and journal entries as well as two mid terms, a paper, and an exam. He is such an amazing professor. If you want to be inspired, learn a ton, and feel the spirit, take New Testament from Brother Smith.
Brother Smith truly cares about the wellbeing of his students. honestly the funniest teacher I've ever had! also, if you take his class you HAVE TO ask him to tell you "the cactus story", you won't regret it. He'll understand what you mean. Spiritually the class increased my testimony and gave me a deeper understanding/appreciation of Christ.
I've taken a couple classes from Hank, and I think he's made them a little bit more difficult, but that being said they're still pretty easy. Pay attention during the Review Slides, and then sit back and enjoy some of the most uplifting/hilarious lectures you'll hear in all of college. Seriously, he's a Mormon celebrity for a reason.
Brother Smith is by far the most inspiring professor I have had. He cares for your individual success in a class of 200+, and teaches the New Testament in such an engaging and incredible way. Take him! There's a reason he's so popular, because it's life-changing. Please, please take New Testament from him!!!
Brother Smith found the perfect balance between spirituality and humor without ever coming close to crossing the line. I liked his focus on the application of gospel principles rather than NT history. Tests are a bit more difficult than other religion classes I've taken, but he makes it very clear what material will be covered. Great class.
If I could vote who the next prophet would be, Hank would be my vote. He is the best teacher at BYU. I love Hank with all of my heart.
Hank Smith is by far my favorite religion professor at BYU. Very spiritual and life changing, but he throws in enough comedy to make the class really interesting and relatable. He grades on just a few things: daily journals/reading, tests and 1 10 page paper. If you take his class, you will not regret it :)
Oh Hank. If only all religion teachers could have his balance between making their classes academic yet spiritual and applicable. I've taken multiple classes from him, and they've all changed my life. You need to take a class from him during your time at BYU. HILARIOUS &amp; inspiring. For an A: come 2 class, go to TA Review &amp;Study the review slides.
