Rick is a good calc prof. He's a really funny guy and he made class interesting. He definitely knows what he's talking about, but sometimes he overestimates how well his students grasp concepts from previous courses. I liked that before every lecture, he would play youtube videos of 90s alt/grunge bands that he liked. Made learning calc 3 tolerable
Hensh is a great teacher. He expects good things out of his students, but is wonderful at answering questions and is pretty funny when he wants to be.
Rick Hensh was a great calc 2 professor. His exams and quizes are sometimes on the more difficult side but if you go to class he does great lectures on the material. Also, he is very caring and put together weekend study session for our class. Be ready for bad dad jokes though!
Quiz almost every Friday, nice guy and explains things well.
Very good professor, enjoys his job, would take one of his classes again.
EXTREMELY HARD CLASS. Be ready to put in work to pass, and even more if you would like to 4.0. Hensh is a very smart guy and definitely knows what he's talking about but spends more time 'proving' how to do things than explaining it. You don't really have to go to class, but hit up the MLC and do lots of homework problems if you're struggling.
He knows what he's talking about, but doesn't teach it well. He did not help explain anything in lecture. I was lost from the beginning, so I failed the course. I would advise looking for a different professor.
The class is difficult but he does a good job teaching.  Don't buy the book unless you use to it study. Prof puts plenty of optional practice problems online as well as helpful homework problems. He is very approachable and has no problem putting in extra time to help you
bad
I had the "honor" of studying high school math with Mr. Hensh. Yes, I did say Mr. Hensh, as he does not have a PhD. Mr. Hensh enjoyed rambling on about the importance of knowing vocabulary and only glossed over crucial topics. He would get lost halfway into a proof and realize that he hadn't done it right. If you love learning on your own, take him
Explains the vocab way too much. Rarely teaches actual problems. If you want to teach yourself then I suggest him. Anyone else try to avoid him at all costs.
Its a hard class but he is a great man and very helpful outside the classroom. Well respected family man. He is a hard grader, or at least the TA was. But he teaches difficult concepts very well and is very approachable if you don't understand. I recommend him 100% for anyone taking on calc 2
Thinks he is talking to Graduate students and so explains mathematical situations quite obscurely.
Fairly hard class, but Hensh tries his best to help out. I'm retaking it with a different teacher to raise my grade.
Funny guy, easy to understand, extremely hard grader, though.
good teacher, go to class and review sessions, they help you alot
Great guy, hard class
Fun prof, but the course is really hard, for me at least.  I gave you some hotness Ricky because you were complaining about it!
I don't like how he has the overheads...it's harder to learn when you have read all of the stuff
Congratulations, your getting a curve.
