Don is a great Prof. I would take again. You dont need to do the readings if you show up to class. Very clear, and entertaining speaker.
Great Prof easy class three exams funny guy 30 multiple choice.
Not only is he a very kind human being with a clear passion for his subject, but he's also a great lecturer. I won't lie, the class was pretty dry sometimes due to the nature of the material, but he made it more interesting. Grades consisted of 3 exams. Go to class, that's where all his questions come from. I would 100% take a class with him again.
He is the best econ teacher at Mason, he only tests u on what he talks about in class. The book is not necessary. makes econ easy to understand. i would recommend to record the class, take good notes and get a study group for suree. i would take him again no boubt. he doesnt use blackboard. if u are struggling, talk to him!
Prof. Boudreaux is masterful in economics. His lectures are very informative and he's extremely intelligent. In order to do well in this class, you need to attend every class, take good notes, and understand the concepts. His class consists of two tests and a final. Tests can be tricky and wording can be tough, but if you study, you'll be fine.
Amazing lecturer! you never get bored in class! Final grade consists of midterm, paper, and final. If you will be absent for a class, make sure you can get notes from another classmates. He really knows what he's doing and I would take him again.
exams are mostly on applying concepts in the lectures and are multiple-choice. i dozed off a lot in the class until the very end where it got a little interesting. i recommend taking notes and recording his lectures since his main topics are outlined in his head, but he speaks in an unorganized manner about them. luckily he gives a lot of examples.
Was nervous about econ- took this course over the summer, best choice I ever made. I highly recommend Boudreaux. Lectures are easy to comprehend. Recording lectures will help tremendously! Write good notes and review them if you want an A which shouldn't be too hard. He provides no notes/pwrpt. Only graded on 3 exams, txtbook not required!!
The class has 3 exams; exam 1, exam 2, and final. All of them come straight from lecture but you have to know the lectures really well/in detail. He does give curves and the exams are okay. Textbook was pointless to buy and he tells you to not buy it. Only thing I didn't like was that he does not give any assignments to help with your grade.
His class is based on 2 exams and the final. Just show up to class and take good notes and form study groups and you should pass the class with no problem. His lectures are very interesting and quite stimulating.
He is truly the best Econ professor at Mason. It's all about listening and note-taking when comes to a high institution. He doesn't use blackboard or give out homework, however, he does repeat the concept quite a few times and provides great examples. The exams were decent and the key to pass this class is to take good notes and form study groups!
your grade depends on 2 midterm and the final. I did bad in the class because i got a C on my second exam cause i was sick. this professor is really good and passionate about econ. the final was hard for me
He is not that grade. If you hate econ then you will hate his class. grades were based off three hard exams. Show up and listen and take notes and u will do okay but it is soooo boring. only econ and finance people like him
Maybe the best professor I have ever had. This class was intellectually stimulating and extremely useful. He's a terrific lecturer and if you show up, listen, and take notes, there is no reason not to get an A. Anyone who doesn't like him obviously did not attend class regularly. This class will give you a much better understanding of the world.
Professor Boudreaux is fantastic. Considering that he is one of the top economists in the world he is very down to earth. He is always willing to help and talk to students. If you disagree, let him know. He's very open to discussions. Really enjoyed this class.
One of the most useful classes I ever taken. Show up to class, pay attention very careful and you will get an easy A.
He does make a 3 hour lecture very interesting and go by quickly. However, his teaching style made the class difficult. Not sure if its his strategy or just laziness. The only grades are 2 exams and the final. He will test you on anything he lectured on and doesnt have slides, notes, or any sort of study guide.
Boudreaux is the BEST professor at Mason. If you have the chance to take him do it! He makes economics interesting and funny. Hes got loads of stories that all correlate to what he lectures on and does a great job relaying it to the class. He know what hes talking about and if you just show up, take good notes, and listen youll pass easily.
It's hard to get a good grade in this class because your entire grade is just two tests and a final. If you don't do well on one, your basically screwed for the rest. I'd only recommend this class if you are a good test taker and don't want to do any outside work besides studying lecture notes (b/c that's what his tests are based on).
Only graded on 2 exams and a final. Doesn't use blackboard and takes forever to respond to emails. Don't miss lecture or you won't pass, so make sure to take great notes cause that's the only thing you can refer back to study for exams. Textbook was a waste of money in fact he wrote in his syllabus to follow what he says in his lectures.
