Ballard makes EC 201 interesting and understandable. Be sure to show up to class and review all of the materials he gives you on D2L before exams and you will be fine.
Super nice guy and clearly passionate about what he teaches and his students. Lectures can be a little boring but occasionally he'll do something like sing to keep you interested. Tests aren't bad. He uses iclicker questions for attendance points, but it's only 5% of your grade. Book isn't necessary but did help some of my friends.
I love Professor Ballard! The sweetest guy and a good teacher. A lot of my friends did sort of poorly on their exams, but that was their fault. If you read the book, and actually do the problem sets you'll do well. AND TAKE THE PRACTICE EXAMS!! He reuses questions all the time!! You'll for sure 4.0 the class if you use the many resources he offers.
Dr. Ballard is an amazing Econ teacher and would highly recommend anyone taking his class. His class is actually interesting and if you go to class you wont need to study or anything as he teaches very well.
If you do the weekly problem sets, as well as attend class and take notes regularly you will do fine. He cares about everyone passing and actually learning. He takes a dry subject and turns it into something interesting during lecture. Go to the help room and office hours if needed, very helpful. Exams sometimes tricky, just study and get help.
He's really open to helping out his students and is just really nice. There are only three exams including the final, then weekly problem sets but you can find the answers online lol. The exams aren't super difficult and he posts a ton of practice exams with answers and explanations. If you study a decent amount you should do well!
Love this prof, funniest I've had so far
Very old school, funny guy. I am not a fan of economics, but Ballard makes it interesting. He doesn't post his content, so you have to go to class to get the notes.
Ballard is a great lecturer and you can tell he really loves what he does and cares about his students.  He makes a lot of "dad jokes" which can be either a plus or a minus.  The tests are fairly easy, providing you've paid attention to the material, and there aren't many surprises. I'd highly recommend him!
Professor Ballard was a great professor. He really knows his stuff and wants you to do well in the class. He makes sure you know what you're being tested on. He really cares about his students as well. Make sure to attend class as Econ is not an easy subject. He made me want to major in Economics!
Professor Ballard is brilliant and really knows his stuff.  Would highly recommend going to class because it is lecture heavy and he uses iclickers for participation points.  I would also recommend going to the Econ help rooms to do problem sets.  Super funny guy that really cares about his students.
Dr. Ballard really truly cares that you learn the material. He makes the lectures easy to sit through and understand, and he is genuinely a nice guy who cares about his students. I wish he could teach all of my classes as well as he teaches EC 201. I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend him for EC 201. He says you will need the book, but I barely used it
he explains things really well and his lectures are interesting. It's an easy class as long as you go.
He is very passionate about Economics and the class is really easy if you go to class and take notes. If you take EC 201, I would definitely recommend you take the class with him.
My favorite professor so far.. Ballard has great enthusiasm for economics and also for his students success.  Exams are fair and if you take the practice exams and can do all those problems, you'll 4.0 the exam every time.  Would recommend!
Really good at explaining the content - easy to understand. He reads verbatim from his textbook (but better). You have two options:  1. Buy the textbook and don't go to class but study it religiously  2. Go to class and take notes (fast too) but no need for a text book. (Better option) Do his practice exams and look over your notes - easy A
Absolutely loved him as a professor. He loves to crack corny jokes and will sometimes sing in class. He truly cares about his students and wants them to do well in his class and often reminds his students of where to find help if it is needed. He makes the material easy to understand and hand writes all notes (no power points).
Dr. Ballard is an excellent economics professor.  He is extremely knowledgeable and can convey the information to students in a very effective way.  He is reasonable, passionate about economics and rather funny.  I enjoyed his lectures and the class as a whole and would recommend him very highly to anyone planning to take EC 201.
It is a great class! Ballard is EXCELLENT!
Course may be difficult, the class size is huge, but if you reach out, he will help.
