I had the pleasure of meeting Professor Austen at an introductory mixer before beginning at UChicago. He has high standards and little time for congratulatory nonsense. His grading is indicative of these values. He is intelligent and has a dry wit. Be prepared to act like an adult, and have your assertions challenged. Always do the reading.
Worst professor I have ever had.
Literally the worst teacher ever. Good job converting someone who used to love religious study to someone who will avoid it in the future. I'm done with this I'm going to go be a physics major
Smart, but pretty terrible at teaching. Worst prompts I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of terrible prompts.
He should value students as student standard not professor standard
Awful professor, he only assigned one paper topic and left most students confused about what he wanted. He refused to answer most questions asked after paper was assigned. To put it simply, he's an old hack and you should switch to a different section at all costs.
Odd fellow.  Specializes in Africa, but seems to hate Africa.  I respect his opposition to anti-semites; he managed to work that into every lecture.
Don't take his class in the morning. You will fall asleep for sure. even with five espresso shots.
Never waste your time on this professor's class.
An exceptionally horrible Professor. He offers very little feeback and is very, very disorganized when assigning material. Not only would I not recommend his course, I would strongly recommend his resignation from the History Department.
I'm amazed at the consistency of perceptions.  He's the worst.  I re-took the same class with a different professor. I enjoyed it and got an A.
I took 7 classes with this man some years ago.  He's easy to hate, but you can actually learn quite a bit from him if you can handle the criticism he drops.  Like the Knicks defense of the mid-1990s, he doesn't hold back.  Actually writes good rec letters if you do your work well.  I can see why so many despise him, but his persona has a warm side.
Very little feedback, uninterested in meeting with students.  Try not to take a class with him.
He's a pretty harsh grader, but I thought it was pretty easy to get a good grade from him b/c all he expected on the paper was a regurgitation of the material covered in class.  He was arrogant, but not more than any other professor here.  Knew his stuff.
Wow- this dude is so bad.  definitely don't take his class.  You'll hate yourself for it.  he grades very harshly and offers minimal comments.
Yes, he's a crotchety old man, but he really knows his stuff, and if he knows you really want to learn, he'll always go the extra mile for you. I had a great experience in his class.
These comments are completely unfair.  Ralph Austen is a great professor, extremely helpful.
Worst professor I ever had at the U of C.  He was just unbelievably pompous, incompetent, uneffective, cold, annoying!!!!
Terrible. I want my money back.
Horrible
