Great teacher, teaches concepts clearly. My wife and I took this class to understand finances better. However, He delved deeper than needed to in areas such as taxes and insurance. Much too much homework for the kind of class we were expecting.
Dr. Hill's class is a bright spot in my schedule and my day, he cares deeply about his subject and is so passionate. Four papers for the semester, grading varies a lot by TA but overall not bad. 5 quizzes from textbook reading for the year all from the book, midterm and final from lecture material. Lots of extra credit. Recommend to everyone!
Dr. Hill is a very knowledgeable professor. He also genuinely cares about his students. His lectures could be a bit dry at times, and you get iClicker participation points for going, but overall it's not too bad of a class. There are 4 papers throughout the semester, each about 6-8 pages long. There were also 5 reading quizzes based on textbook.
Dr. Hill is the best! He's like a cool grandpa that you enjoy listening to as they talk for an hour. I took his 160 class and his 260 class at the same time and loved the overlap, respect for students, excitement for learning, and clear teaching/grading. Lots of stories and application to my life.
Very interactive funny guy. Took this class for a general, and didn't find the lectures the most interesting. But if you do find SFL interesting I recommend taking classes from Dr Hill.
This class was a lot more fun than I thought it was going to be. There are 4 papers that are pretty easy, 5 reading quizzes, a midterm, final and a few easy homework assignments. I bought the book, but never read it and just used the quizlets previous students had made online to study for them and did just fine! He's spiritual and a great lecturer!
I absolutely love Professor Hill! His class is meaningful and applicable to life. It is evident that he cares about each of his students, and he is happy to help. You should expect quizzes, essays, and tests. He offers a good amount of extra credit. I 100% recommend you take from him!
In this class you'll learn helpful things that will benefit you and your family relationships. It is interesting and beneficial material. Dr. Hill gives good lectures and tells lots of personal stories which is nice. You will have to write a few long papers that are graded pretty tough if you don't follow APA format exactly.
He tells a lot of stories form his personal life in lecture. If you learn best that way then definitely sign up for his classes. I personally liked it and felt the material was more applicable because of this.
Off Topic Often
Not my favorite professor Ive had but he truly was amazing. Papers were relatively easy and straightforward, and a few quizzes over textbook material were easy as well. Exams were only over lecture material which was easy to study for.
Really sweet guy, good lectures, fun to listen to. lots of essays to write but they are pretty straightforward and repetitive. the tests cover a lot of material but are straightforward as well. i would recommend his class!!
Dr Hill was probably my favorite professor at BYU. He is funny, gives good lectures that include everything he is going to test, and has plenty of TAs that are willing to help. If you want to pass the class, just read the textbook and youll kill the tests. Attendance is pretty mandatory only in that he does iClicker questions! Great professor!
I really enjoyed this class and this professor. He used his own personal experiences to relate to the topic and that was very helpful. I would suggest taking it. I learned a lot for my future.
His class is very good. The thing I did not like was how many papers there were. There are four papers (APA format). I think it was just especially hard because I was also taking writing 150 at the same time so all of our papers were overlapping. And I dont like writing either. Lots of busy work- quizzes tests papers but its manageable.
Dr. Hill is an amazing professor and helped me to learn and apply a lot of things from his family processes class into my personal life. He is very inspirational and you can tell he has been teaching this class for awhile and knows what he is talking about. Not very difficult as a class and totally worth it to learn from Dr. Hill.
Dr. Hill is a caring individual who you can tell really cares about this class and the subject he is teaching. He spends a lot of time giving examples of things and goes according to the PP. Honestly though, if this class's attendance wasn't mandatory I probably would not have come. Don't take this as an easy A it's a good amount of work and time.
Dr. Hill is a great professor. He really cares about his students and teaching them how to be wise financial stewards. Lectures can be a bit dry, but he tells lots of personal stories that make it more interesting and seem more applicable. There is a little bit of busy work, but if you do it, it's an easy A. Use the study guides for tests!
I showed up everyday and did homework for other classes and got an A. Slides are posted online and tests are really straightforward. The assignments are reasonable and not very time consuming. Interesting topics that you revisit in other SFL classes.
Would take class again. Prof Hill is very knowledgeable and cares about his students. There are 4 papers and 1 mid-term. Loved his lectures and the class overall.
