Great class! His exams are not that easy but if you study hard you will do well. A lot of work in this class and you will learn a lot. He is very smart and it seems like he is very strategic about everything he does in this class. It was good overall.
The first mid-term had questions that we had hardly covered and he is incredibly vague with quiz dates, which were basically pop-quizzes. Arguably one of the most disorganized classes I've taken. Often went over the class time. Participation was based on if you answered the question right when he called on you, which has a huge impact on grading.
This is for Bari's PA class. Workload is high for a noncaptone class. But he will also help you a lot if you approach him. If you need help outside of class, he is approachable. He rather you learn something valuable than just grade your half ass work. At the end of the day, I've learned more about ML and DS than from my ML class.
If you want to learn without the fear of making mistakes, he is the best professor and mentor and awesome guide. He only wants to see a lot of hard work and innovation.
Best Professor I've had at NYU, his class makes you work very hard but it really turns you into a programmer in the end! Very genuine and inspirational as well!
He made me want to major in CS and enjoy coding! Best professor I've ever had!
Best professor I have had in all of college. He's reasonably challenging, but I guarantee you'll learn the material. Exams are very fair (basically gives you what will be on the exam) and he's exceedingly understanding when it comes to extensions. While attendance isn't mandatory, he knows if you are there or not and it will affect your grade.
Bari is a super thorough professor. Data Structures is a huge jump from 101 but he explains the concepts in great detail, and recognizes when students work hard and rewards them accordingly. His tests are difficult, but the other profs don't do it as well as he does. Bari is awesome!!!
Great class. Fostered on love &amp; appreciation of CS. Would recommend class &amp; Professor
good but way too hard
Bari has an incredible ability to remember students by name. He will remember you and will notice your participation. I struggled in his class but he did his best to make it as easy as possible. Great class and very fair.
He is the best. I love Bari!!!!
Professor Bari is very enthusiastic about data structures. It was a demanding class but overall it was good.
I learned so much from Bari. Take his class and you will learn so much.
Good class. It is too hard for those who are not fit to do computer science. I worked hard and attended the class got an A
Knows a lot about the material, but gives very difficult exams and can be quite harsh and unfriendly. Often highlights what specific things will be on exams during lectures, so attendance is super important.
I personally had an extremely difficult time in Bari's class. The way he taught was not for me, but other people seemed to like him. I think that taking a different professor would be a better choice. Hard course.
you learn a lot if you work hard. personally, i still found it extremely difficult and had to use the book a lot in my own time even after lectures. would recommend to take a different professor.
Most of the people who give him bad reviews don't show up to class then complains when they get a bad score. Data structures is a hard class and if you put in the effort, Bari teaches the material better than any other professors.
Best computer science professor at NYU. He is hard but if you take his class you are sure to learn.
