if you've never taken psych before do not take his class!! jumps around in his lectures a lot and doesn't make sense.  his tests are worded weird but he offers up to 30 points in extra credit
Very lecture heavy. Covers so much material for each exam, which there are 50 question exams every other week. His voice is monotone and boring, and it is easy to zone out during class or not go in general. Only positive about him is that he covers the material thoroughly if you are actually interested in psych. Exams can be confusing and hard
Decent lectures but not engaging at all. VERY clear criteria in syllabus. Extra credit opportunity for 18 points plus pop quiz for extra credit if high amount of absences on any given day. Gives good notes and semi-difficult exams. 7 exams by the way, every other week.
This class is SO lecture heavy and he's very boring and monotone. He knows what he's talking about but if you have trouble paying attention you won't do well. All of your grade relies on 4 exams worth 50pts each and are biweekly. Exams can be difficult and confusing. One of the worst profs I've ever had.
Definitely a lecture heavy class. It is pretty much you sitting there for the whole hour while he talks. Every test was pretty much straight from the book and notes. If you take solid notes and keep up with the reading it should be a pass. ONE POSITIVE if you keep a B or higher by the end you get a chance to do research which does look great on app
Seriously the worst professor I have ever had. He doesn't care about his students and the class is only out of 200 points (4 exams) and the exams are ridiculous and have nothing to do with lecture or the book. He says everyone fails his class and doesn't do anything to change it. Take this class online.
Jaffa knows his material but he is very monotone and speeds through his lectures if he is running out of time. His exams are difficult and can be confusing. His lectures can be very hard to follow and I would not recommend this professor if you have a hard time paying attention in class. You need to read the book or you will fail.
He is very intelligent and has taught for a long time. I can see how many see his way of teaching as difficult to follow, however, I really liked it. If you're a more intelligent student and you truly care about learning for learning's sake, you'll like him. He is a bit older, but he truly loves the material and will give you a lot of knowledge.
Granted, I am only a sophomore, but this was the absolute worst class I have ever taken in my life.  I was taking 18 credits when I took this class.  Got an A in all of them except this one.  Failed this one.  He doesn't know how to lecture and doesn't know how to help you.  I would recommend taking this online!!!!!!!!!!!
I think Jaffa is just getting too old to teach now a days. He seems like a good guy and it's hard to be harsh on him but he's just someone you don't want to take a class with everything you basically have to teach yourself.
He is an extremely boring monotone professor that repeats words he just said multiple times every sentence. He tells you that many people fail his class but doesn't do anything to change that. He's not there to help you and every exam he gives has material that wasn't in the book or covered by him in class. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.  not with Jaffa.
Ive had to take this class more than once because it is so hard. The lectures are actually some what interesting but he makes them boring. There are only 4 grades for the class and they are all exam grades. He will tell you on the first day of class that most people fail and it is a very hard class. He is a very nice person, just a hard professor.
Very boring and monotone. Got mad easily and didn't care if he kept you after the class is supposed to be over
unable to understand him and learn the material. very erratic and awkward. not very helpful in explanations. half the class failed the class and he is the only one that teaches it. unless you take it online with a different professor, dont take it with him.
Jaffa is not the nicest or easiest professor you'll ever have, but you do end up learning a lot if you pay attention. The tests are hard, but if you read the book, review the homework, and read his handouts, you won't get less than a B.  Getting a A is hard, not impossible. Overall:  smart guy, kind of a jerk, but you'll learn a lot.
Mel is seriously the worst prof I've ever had. I would like to think he's a nice person, but DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. EVER. He told us multiple times that people do poorly in his class, yet he does nothing to change it. The highest grade in the class is like a C. I took 2 years in high school and have struggled all semester.
I had to take this class twice because it was required. The material in the class is actually interesting but the way he teaches and what he focuses on makes it unclear and less interesting. there are no assignments in the class and only 4 tests out of 50 which are basically impossible.
Initially on the first day of class he flat out said that half of us would end up dropping, and shows no sign of caring about how well his students do. As a psychology major I am genuinely interested in the material and attended all lectures.  My grade of a C+ was one of the highest in the class when I am usually an A student.  Tests are confusing.
Taking PSY 330 with Jaffa was definitely a great idea.  Always go to class because he gives out notes that you can add more too, which is EXTREMELY helpful! He also explicitly tells you when certain things should be copied down which is a good majority of the time. Lots of studies we reviewed were from previous classes, but still helpful.
Needs to retire. Worst teacher I have or will ever have in my lifetime. I'm a psychology major and absolutely love psychology. I get A's in every psych class I've taken and this class was pathetic. Take it with someone else if you don't want to waste your money like myself, and half of the class did after we all dropped it. Can't even ask for help.
