Jason Daida was my first engineering professor at U of M. He challenged my peers and I to extend ourselves beyond our comfort zones in order to achieve greatness. Beyond the content of the course, he helped me to think outside of the box when solving problems. This ultimately helped me on my journey through my next 3.5 at U of M. RIP.
RIP, one of the most inspirational and caring professors I will probably ever have the honor of studying under.
I would not recommend Daida at all.  He is not helpful, especially if you have no previous programming experience.
He can be a little quirky in lecture, but he tries to make class fun and interesting. Assignments weren't difficult especially with GSI/piazza help. Tests were open book/open note. He supplied his own textbook online. All the lectures and examples were also online.
It is a lot of work for this class, but I have never had a better professor. Many professors simple "lecture", while Daida "teaches". Not directly tho. During the year you will hate how much work you have to do, but afterwards you will really appreciate what he tried to teach you.
This guy is a good professor but your grade depends more on teamwork. Roughly half of your grade is based on teamwork and if you get stuck with a bad team then you're f*cked. I'd suggest taking another section
Helpful professor, charming and appealing, gives the best class ever.
Dr. Daida is amazing! You will definitely learn a lot from him and walk away from the class happy you put in such a great amount of effort. As long as you are willing to step outside of your comfort zone and learn something new and exciting this class will definitely be beneficial to you no matter what Engineering field you're pursuing!
Amazing class and really helpful, unlike any other lectures. Def. recommend.
Really helpful and intreasting
Really helpful and intreasting
i was extremely scared for engineering 101 because i had NO prior experience with computer programming. however, i felt like daida was able to simplify things in a more understandable manner. assignments are time-consuming so start IN ADVANCE. midterms are reasonable, open-book/note. office hours saved me.
Pretty bad teacher. He doesn't post your grades so you don't know how you're actually doing in the class. Took over a week to get my final grade. I found some of his sample code that he gives out on his website to be wrong. Puts too much emphasis on theory and style than actual coding. If you have a choice go with Ringenburg, not Daida.
Wouldn't wish this class on my worst enemy. Waste of time. Nice guy, would take him for any other subject, but this class was poorly constructed and highly uninteresting.
The worst teacher I have ever had.  The worst when it comes to grading, the worst with conveying his ideas, and the lectures have little to do with each other, or at least he doesnt explain the connection well.  He also has a huge ego
Daida knows what's up. I've never heard of matlab, in fact I've never even looked at code. He changed the way I think about things, much more linear and logical. I think I'm going to further my programming knowledge because of his class and I might even do CSE. I learned a lot even though half the lecture was about random stuff.
Hardest class I took as a freshmen, but also way more interesting and important than the other sections of ENGR 100.  You WILL start feeling anti-Daida angst by the end, though
Dr. Daida is a professor that is very fun to watch in lecture, but at the same time, he gives a LOT of work. If you are looking for a experience that you will never forget, this is the class, but if you are looking for an easy way to get by the engr100 requirement, take something else..
This professor is perfect.
Dr. Daida is a wonderful professor, but he expects a lot of the student. While I highly recommend this class (Engr 100 - Design and the Real World), I warn any potential takers of the workload: it's a lot of work, mainly teamwork. With that said, I will never forget this class or this professor.
