Challenging but worth it in every regard. A true gem. Try to never miss class.
Got an A: go to EVERY lecture &amp; take verbatim notes (the open-note MC has the same language he uses in lecture; I got a lot of questions right b/c I had the answer word-for-word in my notes). Contrary to popular opinion, it's possible to get an A w/o getting to know him personally/going to office hours (I never did). Challenging prof, but worth it.
Honestly, I love Prof. Rajsingh. I took his Amcon class and have systematically made PR one of my closest mentors and friends at the university. He's not only open and genuine, he's understanding and caring and when you connect with him he really stops at nothing to help you succeed. I cannot recommend him enough. He's an amazing man.
Peter is the kind of professor I had hoped to encounter during my time at NYU - a brilliant mind and person that clarifies the most dense of topics. His 104 question midterm was tough. He definitely doesn't dole out A's. If you are looking for an "easy" class with a nonchalant professor, this class is not for you.
Really enjoyed this professor and this class.  Material and tests are VERY challenging. But got a lot out of every class. Beware he cold calls and does not just dole out A's.
Hands down the best prof at NYU. Learned so much. Class emphasis is on gaining deeper knowledge and understanding. He explains things so clearly using great analogies. Also, helps you learn to read and write  in a more sophisticated way.  Randomly cold calls which is a bit terrifying. But he's all round  super nice guy. Highly recommend!
Of all the professors at NYU, none stand out to the extent Rajsingh does.  He is beyond brilliant not just in terms of what he knows but, more importantly, in terms of how he develops your critical perception and understanding of the world.  He also makes great strides, both in and out of the classroom, to ensure his students success.  Amazing!
Students ask him to repeat questions/statements/definitions 2-3 times, and rather than trying to come up with a different, better way to explain something, he just says it again slowly. He doesn't motivate you to do the reading or come to class prepared, so every kid he calls from the class list just reads from Oyez. He knows; he just doesn't care.
Amazing class with emphasis on learning not memorising (tests all open book but super challenging) and takes understanding to another level. Interesting discussions, though some students try to dominate. He does a good job giving a variety of students airtime. Large lecture hall but feels like a seminar.  Randomly cold calls so you can't be timid.
Peter is the best professor at NYU. He's actually one of the most fun, genuine, cool people to get to know and taking his classes has been one of the great joys of my academic career here. I cannot stress this enough, if you do not take his class and really try to get to know him you've done NYU wrong.   Also super hot.
Amazing class! I learnt so much about the US constitution. Grading scheme is a black box. Best to work hard on each quiz and do really well in the final hypothetical too. He likes to see a positive uptrend in the grades.   He is very willing to help out students as well. If you are unclear about anything, just ask him.
Need to work hard and be sharp about details to get an A.  Class really makes you think. Also keeps you on your toes. Learned so much in this class and from this professor and feel much smarter for having taken this class.
I missed a few of the lectures and was still fine. He puts students on the spot in class by calling out from an attendance sheet, which can be a bit intimidating. He is brilliant and very mysterious. Do a good job on the final hypothetical and you will be ok!! I did poorly on the first one but still ended up with a B+ in the class.
You will have times in this class that you think that you're way over your head, but he assures you that the purpose of the class is not to know everything but to stretch your mind and that's what education should be. Amazingly bright and interesting professor. Challenging but so rewarding if you put in the time.  This class is a must-take.
Really awesome lecturer, and a great class
Absolute best professor I've had at NYU. He's extremely intelligent and his lectures are interesting. However, his class is extremely hard and often understanding the material does not guarantee a good grade.
Amazing professor. He is funny, engaging and very smart. The midtermsfinals are tough though but most of us made it out alive. Highly recommended!!
Peter is an incredible professor, extremely interesting and well-spoken.. never looked forward to a class as much as i did his
He is amazing! He wants you to work hard for your grade though. This class requires a good amount of studyingreading time outside of class. I would definitely recommend him but I will also say that if you don't understand something, ASK HIM! He does not mind explaining something until you get it.
Great class! Super challenging and you'll probably fail the midterm. Most of us did, but we still made it out with decent grades. Prof. Rajsingh is so cool and he wants you to learn and succeed not just pass a class as long as you show real effort, you'll definitely pass.He's also super chill. MAKE SURE YOU ATTEND LECTURE. You'll be lost w.o it.
