The absolute most boring prof ever. Expect naps. Every. Day. Nice and sometimes funny though, not difficult at all.
he will put you to sleep but you cannot skip because he gives up to 10 points daily on a little paragraph you write at end of class. overall not to hard and I even slept like everyday and still got my points. 2 essays out of class, also not too bad
If you don't plan on falling asleep every lecture, RUN! Super nice guy but extremely boring. 2 hour lectures of either talking or watching super old, boring films. We turn in note cards after every lecture worth 10 points, so if you plan on skipping you will fail. The note cards is basically your entire grade excluding the 2 papers that he assigns.
Nice guy, but his lectures are very long and boring. I fell asleep often. He has quizzes at the end of each class which count as your attendance so if you like to skip class a lot, I wouldnt suggest this for you.
Absolutely no tests except the final. There are 2 papers which are super easy to get full credit on as long as you read the book for each. Other than that each class has a short note card you fill out and as long as you were awake, that'll be no problem.
I only ever heard bad things about Poindexter but he is not bad at all. If you show up everyday you'll pass. You fill out a notecard everyday which is where a majority of points come from so if you skip you lose 10 points for that day. Only downside is he goes super quick with his slides during lecture &amp; gives a very broad study guide for the final
If you don't plan on coming to class, then don't waste your money by taking this class. He's a boring guy and it was painful to attend but somehow I got the highest grade in his whole lecture class and wrote me a stunning recommendation letter for a scholarship.
If you skip you wont pass. Period.
He teaches like a history lecture. There are notecards at the end of each class every day, which is the majority of your grade. There are 2 essays, but they are pretty easy, just select a chapter and follow the guidelines. He does offer extra credit &amp; it is a discussion class for an hour but we usually get out early.
Loved his lectures even if he gets off topic once in a while. Has like-daily grade cards so dont plan on missing class. Really nice guy &amp; I thought he was funny &amp; interesting.
Lecture's that you can't miss and will put you to sleep. You will have two group presentations and the final exam is close to half of your grade. If you do well with note taking and lectures take him. If not then don't get anywhere near this man.
Poindexter is interesting. His class was meaningful at some points and at others the class really dragged. He's a very qualified professor, however his material sometimes appeared to be more about his own work/experiences. He's very passionate about what he teaches, but I would try to take this class with a different professor.
I took him for BCA210 as a freshman my first semester. There are 2 big group projects (which were fine) but he doesn't give you any exams over the entire semester. THE FINAL EXAM IS WORTH 45% OF YOUR FINAL GRADE! Most A's in the class will change to C's or worse because of it. Choose a different professor if possible.
DO NOT TAKE 210 WITH THIS MAN. RUN AWAY AS FAST AS YOU CAN. GOOD LUCK
Don't have him if you can avoid it. Taught more like a history class and unclear what the main objective is. He's enthusiastic about the class but comes off as pretentious  and showing off his own achievements in class. I enjoyed what was taught just not how he taught it. The 2 group projects are graded hard and theres a 6 point note card everyday.
Take 210 with Maggie Mayes if possible. Content of class is out of date, feels more like a history class.
If you don't attend class, you will not pass. This professor gives 6 point notecards each and they are not easy questions- you definitely have to pay attention in class or you will not receive a good grade on the notecard and that's the most important part aside from 2 group projects that are also horrible and is 13+ people in each group.. Bad idea
I'm honestly still not sure what this class was about. Very unclear on what was going on the entire semester. notecards everyday so you need to go to class. two group projects you need to do. offers make up assignments and extra credit. easy to pass but waste of time
You have to show up for class participation which is writing on a note card. Hes boring but if you take good notes you will pass the midterm and final.
One of the most dry boring classes I have ever taken at CMU. Watch pointless movies that don't help you learn the material at all. When he does lecture it's long and drawn out, and he goes off on tangents A LOT. Tests are super hard. He really does love the material though, and is a nice guy.
