Dr. Passer is a good lecturer, but this is a boring class . Lectures are dry, but pay attention because class material is fair game for the midterms and final. There is a lot of reading in this course; check the syllabus for when readings are due. Instructions for the homework assignments were very confusing and wordy.
Great professor. Funny, intelligent, and sensible. The class is very boring but he makes it tolerable. Tests are doable if you go to lecture and actually read the textbook (seriously, read the textbook). The homework is doable too but don't wait until last minute to finish it since it can make or break your grade. Would definitely take him again.
While the class content seems very basic and easy, the three tests (which compose most of your grade) are primarily on specific terms and definitions, making it way harder than necessary. The lectures are alright, and you can tell that Dr. Passer is pretty knowledgable, but several lectures are spent watching hour long videos that are not relevant.
His lectures were very predictable. Professor Passer delivered information very factually and stuck closely to the way the textbook presented information. It wasn't the most exciting but at least I knew that all the material was relevant for the tests.
Your entire grade depends on 3 tests. Test content is based on lecture material so you must attend class. Much harder than other psych 101 classes but enjoyable.
overall easy class, but lectures can be boring sometimes. It's good as long as you do the readings and keep up with lectures.
Passer is a funny, interesting professor which makes lectures good. Its important to go to class because tests are largely based on notes from lectures. Uses Pollev everyday which was a good tool to check what I knew. Overall, organized class, I knew what I had to do to get a good grade.
This class was the hardest 101 class I have ever taken in my life. The class is basically graded on three tests.
For 101 or 202, maybe Passer's a good professor but definitely not for 209. His lectures were boring as hell. Paper assignment did not have clear prompts and had to go to office hours every time. Can't promise that you'll get to meet him though because there's 10 other students also confused on what he expects for the paper.
Amazing lecture, helpful pollev, lecture notes are very important, make sure to read the book and have a general understanding of the experiments and their results
tests were easy, but hes really boring. hw assignments were where i lost the most points and those are graded by your TA. not a difficult class. pollev was easy bc you can read it from home and answer, but even if you did answer incorrectly, you get full points. just beware he only keeps polls open for 20sec
Excellent teacher, I thought it was a wonderful class. Make sure to do the readings and review the lecture, and do the extra credit, which gives your grade a 0.3+ boost. If you work moderately hard, it's not difficult to get an A. Exams are heavily based on the text, so read, make flashcards, memorize everything. Overall, an enjoyable experience.
Amazing guy. Makes class super interesting, but tests are really focuses on lecture and reading.
Poll ev necessary but it isn't graded of accuracy so you can do it from home. Lectures panopto recorded if you can't go to class. If you go 6 hours of extra credit studies your grade gets raised .3 which is a huge help. His lectures are EXTREMELY dry and boring and the curve is harsh but if you read and do most of the poll you should be fine
Really interesting and awesome lectures, gives you time to take notes before moving on. You can tell he's a seasoned lecturer. There isn't really homework, but don't skimp out on reading or studying. Pretty much your entire grade depends on the three tests in the quarter. Do the extra credit, but sign up early! It's really easy. It saved my butt!
You really can't skip lectures when it comes to this class, he gives a lot of examples that are helpful if you don't get the ones in the book. Very reading heavy, be sure to follow his schedule so you don't lag behind. Attending the chapter reviews that are given by your TA before exams will really save your grade.
Interesting professor and topics of discussion -- primarily given in power points. This is a class where you actually do need to read all of the assigned text. If you pay attention and lecture and study vocabulary terms you should be fine.
You don't need to do the homework. There are lot's of readings you have to read if you want to get a good grade on the exam. 0.3 extra credit on your GPA if you did. Tricky exam! Very tricky! Whatever, this professor is a good man. But, lot's of readings you have to read!
amazing professor. easy to understand lecture slides, panopto accessible, interesting topics (made more interesting by him), and clearly stated expectations. seems like an all-around, genuinely great human.
You really need to do a lot of readings if you would like to get a high grade in his tricky exams.
