Genius of a professor, students that don't grasp the topics covered at the level of difficulty tested will try to dissuade you from the class. College is not meant to be like high school yet most of the kids complain because they no longer have an inflated 4.6 GPA after this class. Take it to learn from a man who is near the top of his field.
The tests are written the way Kearl thinks. If you understand how he thinks, you will do fine. If you struggle understanding his thought process, take it from someone else. My only real problem with Kearl was that he often dismissed students questions and his TA's (fall 2018) made fun of a few of the students who were just trying to learn.
Econ 110 is a hard class no matter who you take it from. Dr. Kearl makes it fun and exciting. I wouldn't recommend taking this class your freshman year like I did because I was definitely not ready for how hardcore the class is. But if you need to take this class, take it from Kearl. His students have the highest average GPA for Econ 110 classes
Professor Kearl's class is challenging is the most meaningful ways. The way university should be.
I took this class my first semester at BYU, but I took AP macro and micro in high school and did well those. Kearl requires an expensive textbook that you cant sell back with problems that take up to 4 hours and an essay each week. His tests are incredibly hard and dont use anything from lecture or homework. Its not impossible but very hard!
Kearl is amazing, but he teaches the class like it's 1970. He shows no effort to update the curriculum or his style of grading because he's got tenure and knows he can get away with whatever he wants until he decides to leave. The class will leave you talking in your daily life about economics, but you will not like your grade.
Great professor, interesting lectures, with many current and relevant examples. Takes questions in class. Grade is based on three exams, but homework is important , if you don't do it, you will fail for multiple reasons. Really respect the guy, even if he called me out for falling asleep once.
I don't know why he got such poor reviews. He's not always the nicest guy, but he gives fascinating lectures and really explains the material well. He's got plenty of TAs and recitations to attend if you need help. The tests can be difficult, but totally manageable. Do your work and you'll do fine.
Kearl is a great professor to take Econ 110 from if you are a good test taker. Homework is lengthy and can seem unnecessary, but it all helps you better understand the concepts, which is what the three tests focus on, and they are only due weekly. His lectures are super interesting, and he is good at giving real life examples of new topics.
Worst class Ive ever taken. Kearl is so prideful that almost every time a confused student asks a question he responds in a way that humiliates them in front of 400+ peers. My academic advisor told me this is the 2nd most failed BYU class. I spent more time on this class than ACC, MKTG and STAT combined yet still got my worst grade ever.
Loved the class. I was nervous at first, especially after reading some of these other reviews. However, I found each of Dr. Kearl's lectures very interesting--it really shaped my world view. The bad news: your entire grade is derived from 3 exams... so study hard! If you work hard enough, you can do well.
Lectures were super cool! Study and do the homework or you are in trouble lol. It's a lot of work but it's fun !!!!!!! i enjoyed myself but would not take it again. a lot of work.
The most unorganized, difficult course in the history of courses. No TA. No reviews. No study guides. Just you and your notes. Kearl tends to act like we all went to MIT/Harvard with him so it is difficult to get anything from the lectures. Your entire grade is based on the final, with penalties if your 15pg paper is "inadequate". DO NOT TAKE THIS
This has been the hardest class of my BYU experience so far. I was warned about the difficulty so I made sure to spend about 3-4 hours outside of class for every hour spent in lecture. If you put in enough time you will do fine! A great lecturer, just dont fall asleep or use your phone!
This class is insane. The entire grade is the final, even though there's lots of homework assignments and a 15-page paper. The final is totally ambiguous. I took 110 and 257 from him and loved it. This class, however, is the worst class I have ever taken. No feedback, no help, just thrown to the dogs. Don't take this class.
Kearl is an economics wizard and his lectures are fascinating. The course is not hard in terms of homework however your entire grade is based on 2 midterms and a final. If you don't naturally think like an economist this can be a very hard class.
Jim Kearl is the reason I am in Economics, he is an incredible lecturer and very open if you come to him with questions or genuinely need help. Find people to study with, and read the chapters in depth because if you don't you're completely screwed.
I still have nightmares about this class. Kearl does not give you what you need to succeed. The material is impossibly hard to learn, there is no TA, and Kearl doesn't make himself available to help. I'm in law school now, and this class did me no good. Even if you study corporate law, this class will do you no good. Avoid at all costs.
Great guy, super tough class, calls you out if you're asleep, the good stuff.
He was always full of energy; taking the class at 8 was rough but he's loud enough you couldn't fall asleep. I feel like I learned a ton from his class and it took a lot of work, but his tests were fair. He covered all the material and a lot of the reading he assigned was actually pretty interesting.
