Bethel is definitely the best CHEM101 TEACHER at A&amp;M. However, he is a bit tricky. I remember getting destroyed by the first test because I studied what he emphasized in lecture, but the exam had nothing to do with that. I got used to his teaching and pulled my grade up from failing to a B at the end. The practice exams are not like his real exams.
He tells us hes intentionally tricking us and making his tests hard. You can study for days and are still not guaranteed to pass the class. You need extra tutoring to even think about passing.
Dr. Bethel is a great teacher. Be sure to stay on top of homework and attend class or you will not do well.
Good professor
He is literally a GEM. He is so funny, and his dad jokes are classic. He is a tough professor, but he makes it easy to learn, and if you work hard enough, you will do good. Make sure you get the clicker questions right and get a 100 on all the homework. This will boost your grade and easy to do because the homework has multiple tries!
Bethel is such a great teacher and I highly recommend him. Chem is tough but an A is very doable with Dr. Bethel. The homework is very helpful and sometimes long but they are essential to your grade. He also uploads practice tests that are extremely similar to the tests. If you study your notes and the practice test, the tests should be a breeze.
Very cool guy. Always made jokes in class and was more than happy to help during office hours. He is very tricky, though, when it comes to exams. I cannot stress enough to not procrastinate on homework! He also does clicker points, randomly, so make sure to come to class for that credit. Go to SI sessions, and other tutors, and you should be fine.
Study, study, study the homework!!! I didnt make the grade I wanted in the class but as long as you go to class and put in a lot of effort to going over the lecture slides, problems that he does in class, AND THE HOMEWORK. You are surely to pass.
Bethel is a great teacher, and though his tests are difficult, if you attend class and study an A is easily achievable. The homework is pretty heavy, but it prepares you for the tests.
His exams are little tricky but if you study hard you could get an A. Also his lectures are very good. Overall pretty good professor.
Solid choice but, if you just need a chem credit I would not recommend because you REALLY do have to study. Tests are not tricky but you have to pay attention to them because it's easy to make a mistake. Do OWL and Clicker Questions so you won't need an A on tests to get an A in the class. I'm practically a master at chem now but it was difficult.
I greatly enjoyed taking Dr. Bethel's class. All of his lectures were easy to understand and he mad learning chemistry enjoyable. Also, he is easily available outside to review test or homework problems. Would recommend.
I personally thought he was a spectacular professor. I really wanted him for CHEM 102 as well, but his class did not fit my schedule. He is the king of awfully hilarious chemistry jokes, but doesn't over due it. Overall, a really caring, patient professor who wants you to do good. Pay attention in lectures, take notes, and study. You'll do great!
Loved taking Bethel! Chemistry is hard, but he keeps lectures upbeat with dad jokes and does examples, so it's not just reading off slides. Attendance is mandatory for the most part, as he does clicker questions throughout the class. Reviews are pretty on par with the tests, and the OWL homework is an easy 100, and is a great way to study.
Dr. Bethel is a great professor, but his class is not easy. If you're not ready to work for an A, don't take his class, because you will not do well lol. The most important things are that he probably gives out the most hw, but they help with the test. Also, beware of test #3; it is very challenging and you will need to study a lot.
Bethel knows chem well. I felt that I knew topics better than my friends in other classes, until Exam 3. He is a very nice guy &amp; is actually really funny. Clicker &amp; HW is a great grade booster but doesn't prepare you for tests &amp; the tests are over 1/2 your grade. I Q'd bc I was too close to a D. GO TO CLASS FOR CLICKER Q's! Overall good but STUDY
Dr. Bethel is an incredible professor especially if you are going to continue in chemistry. You have to work for your grade but it is very possible to get an A.
My classmates and my review on Dr. Bethel keeps getting deleted. Dr. Bethel should be avoided. I would hope he stops teaching CHEM 101 and CHEM 102 at this prestigious institutional and stick to research. Also it should be noted that he has a bachelors and a PHd degree (No masters degree).
Bethel is a GREAT chemistry choice. I definitely struggle in chem, but I am willing to put in work. GO TO CLASS! He teaches through example problems, which I find helpful, so go through these in between lecture days to keep up. The tests are HARD, he puts a lot of easy mistake options for multiple choice. I did okay, but do OWL, it helps!!
I took Bethel for both Chem 101 and 102. He is a really great professor and truly cares about his students. You have to go to class for Clicker questions, but his lectures are interesting so its not too bad. Tests are hard, but he gives a massive curve at the end of the semester for both 101 and 102. I would definitely recommend him for Chemistry.
