Helps you the best he can to get you to pass the class. Will even call and email if you are doing poorly to see what is up. Hates the current system of teachers who don't care about student success ($). Homework wasn't too hard. Quizzes each week were based upon notes taken in class. Final was also based upon lecture notes. All-star teacher.
If I could take all my classes with Prof. Blackmore I would. Not only is he super interesting but he is great at teaching. I have never been a fan of anything with Stats but Blackmore changed that. If you take his class and actually put in an effort you will enjoy it and you will pass.
He sets up the class so you get an easy A. You are no required to attend class but if you go to his lectures you will not need to read the textbook. He sets the class up easy and wants you to pass!
He made a traditionally hard class, BA303, easy to understand and did an amazing job of relating finance to the real world. I would definitely take a class taught by him again!
I am almost done with his 303 class. He is one the best there is. Follow what he says and you will pass.  I call him wolf on wall street. Great class lots of fun.
Mark Blackmore is ultimately the best professor I have ever had. He genuinely cares for his students and their success. His lectures are very fun and exciting. Mark makes sure the notes he gives in class are accessible to all students  for studying purposes, and they are great notes!
Best prof ever!
Best teacher I have ever had. Most valuable class I've ever taken.
I'm not even half way done with course and I already love this professor. I was really nervous about taking statistics, but he makes it so easy to comprehend. His lectures are great because he's always so enthusiastic. He really cares about his students , and overall just wants you to do well. By the way, his fashion sense is impeccable . 10/10
Mark Blackmore is an incredible professor! He truly cares about his students and wants everyone to receive an A in his class. His weekly quizzes are super easy if you invest your time and study notes from the class. Homework is easy and he goes over the homework problems in class, so basically you have to attend a class  to know the information!
By far one of the best teachers I have ever encountered. It's clear he's passionate about his subject matter and wants every student to succeed. His lectures are designed so you walk away from the class having a clear understanding of the material, while still being light-hearted and engaging. I thought I would hate taking statistics and I didn't.
GOOD PRO
Professor Blackmore really cares about his students. He wants everyone to be successful in life and in class. This is my 3rd time taking this class, the first two times with different instructors, and I finally passed with a A-. Pay attention, take good notes, do your homework, and follow instructions, you will pass the class!
he is a very nice professor. always thinking about students and helping students pass the class get a higher score.
This was my fourth time registering for the course (dropped before the midterm every other time). Blackmore is GREAT. Reminds you of his expectations frequently and sets up class so you succeds. Offers extra credit and encourages meeting with him if you receive below 80 on anything. Fair and compassionate. Awesome sense of fashion too! Best prof!
I was afraid of stats, but Mark broke it down so that it was understandable. I really enjoyed this class and would recommend him to anyone. He truly cares about his students. There are quizzes weekly, but if you don't do well you can retake them. The same goes for the mid-term.
Pro. Blackmore is a really nice person, and his class is so great that you must take! Your grade would be great if you listen to his lecture and care about quiz and homework.
Inspiring lectures. Material clearly explained in class. Professor cares about students and gives prompt feedback. In class quizzes, midterm and final are solely based on class lectures, therefore if you pay attention in class you are going to get an A, easy!
Cared greatly about the success of the students
Prof Blackmore clearly cares about the success of his students. He also offers insight from years of experience into how what he teaches applies in the real world. I enjoyed his lectures and the class curriculum.
