HE GIVES NO PARTIAL CREDIT WHATSOEVER AVOID AT ALL COST I WILL HAVE TO RETAKE THIS CLASS NUT HOPEFULLY WITH A BETTER PROFESSOR STUDIED NON STOP SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THE QUARTER JUST TO FAIL DROP IF POSSIBLE
Learned more in 1 quarter of college than in 1 year of calc in high school.
Really a nice teacher, you should not miss his class. Maybe hard, but it's really helpful and you can actually learn things. (Just go to lectures)
Koblitz is a nice guy but the worst teacher. He doesn't teach anything, he only uses lecture time to do examples of problems without actually teaching you the basic concepts or methods. I used to be good at math but was confused everyday in the class. I wasn't sure where to get help outside of class and did poorly on exams. This class tanked my gpa
He's awful. Didn't curve midterms that had an average of 48%. Gives negative points if you get something wrong on an exam. Just take it a different quarter, trust me.
Don't take his class, switch or wait for another quarter.
Gives T and F questions and all three exams. One wrong and you get -3, so basically with two questions wrong you get points off for the whole section
While the exams were actually okay once you got the hang of how he grabs topics for the exam, they made up a massive portion of your grade. Further, his lectures really tended to put me to sleep. His grading criteria is based on whether or not you get the correct answer throughout, i.e. if you missed a negative in part 1, you lost nearly all points
308 with Koblitz is the way to go. Two of my roommates took 308 at the same time as I, all with different teachers, and they really struggled with the proof-based tests. Koblitz just cares that you can solve it. If you go to lecture, it is very clear what Koblitz is excited about (what he will put on the tests), so the exams are predictable.
Brilliant guy. Doesn't know how to teach. Goes on long tangents during class. But when he is showing you something useful, he barely gives you enough time to write down what he's done. Also, his grading style is super harsh and inconsistent. Average for the first and second midterms was 65% and 48% respectively. Would not recommend
this class was 2ez
Dr. Koblitz doesn't mess around, especially with humor or making lectures interesting. He is one of the more challenging 124 profs and you will receive quiz and midterm 1 scores that you are not fond of but the learning curve is high. He will answer any questions promptly with enough of a proof to clear things up. He knows what he is doing.
He did not even make a website for his class. made students use the general math website for UW. steer clear.
Sometimes the content of the class goes irrelevant with the content that I intended to learn
Literally some old bum that was on some other stuff literally just talked all the time, horrible explaining, not that much help, gave horrible quizzes and homework that many struggled with
He's actually a really great professor, I would take him again, everyone who complains just didn't try and are petty leaving mean comments, this is a math class you have to put in effort.
I attended Professor Koblitz's office hours and it was really helpful. His review lectures are basically what he put in the exams. There are weekly quizzes and they have the big impact on your grades. He does not allow calculators for his exams except the final, which means you know you did your math wrong if you don't get nice, simplified answers.
Professor Koblitz gives hard tests and quizzes, which are weekly. He is not very helpful after class, and seemed to help STAR students more than others. I do not recommend taking his class unless you are one of these students. He is inconsistent in grading tests in my opinion, and too smart to "dumb down" lectures for his freshman students.
Best Math professor I ever had. Lecture is clear and give enough examples. Really nice during both office hour and lecture time. Quickly explain and solve problems student gave. A lot of quiz, but will not destroy your grade.
He is tough grader and he probably is the have weekly quiz. However he makes sense so it is worthy to go to lectures.
