yeah
He was my introduction to college and for that I am so lucky. He changed my writing with his amazing feedback and helpful office hours. His reading is interesting and not too heavy and he really allows for amazing class discussion. He is the kindest man and it radiates through his class. He is interesting and engaging and a great professor.
Prof. Briggs is  the sweetest and he will help you if you need it!
His classes are conducted mainly in a lecture format (though comments are very much welcome). He is the most brilliant man I have ever met, and has a way of explaining authors, books and poetry in a way few others know how. HIGHLY recommend this (or any other) class with him. I highly doubt you will regret.
The sweetest professor ever!
Brigss is such a sweet prof. Just make sure you figure out the writing style he prefers early on and don't deviate from it in your papers. He's super kind and so relaxed. Class was very relaxing as we just sat there and talked for 1.5 hours about various books. He likes it when students make connections to their own lives.
Professor Briggs is definitely the best English professor I've ever had.  He's such a sweet man and is so open to all students' ideas and opinions about the reading.  His class is such a great environment because of this. I really enjoyed his class and I can't wait to take another class with him!
incredibly knowledgable, passionate, kind professor. gives great feedback on written work and is always willing to help you with the material. take a class with him!
AWESOME!!! He's so sweet and genuinely loves what he teaches. He will inspire you no matter what level your interest in English. Must take one of his courses!
The words "adorable old man" come to mind. Really nice guy, gave me a HUGE boost in confidence with my writing. Interesting, engaging, mentally challenging and stimulating. Take one of his classes if you at all can.
Very helpful and accomadating!
caring and has a sincere interest in his students.  always willing to give positive feedback.  MUST TAKE ONE OF HIS CLAsSES!
No Comments
The man is the GREATEST english prof. I've had all of my four years here. You HAVE to take his class/es at least ONCE while you're at Bryn Mawr.
No matter what you said he'd find some genius in it. Really great at boosting student's belief in their thoughts...
Best English teacher ever.  Nicest and most helpful too.  Cannot rate highly enough.  Super!!
No Comments
