Chem 110 is terrible.  Don't take it if you don't have to.  It's set up so that it's very hard to get a good grade and you don't learn that much.
This is a hard class, but Dr. Craig is good at explaining some of the more difficult concepts. He is patient, easygoing, and cares for his students. Beware that this is a flipped class. In my case, I often felt lost during team discussions or would have no idea as to how to start a problem. The tests aren't too hard.
Pretty difficult class, but interesting.  Craig's enthusiasm is contagious.  Stay on top of the learning over the weekend and you'll do well on the Monday quizzes.  Try to understand the applications with help of your team.  TAs are moderately helpful.  Lab is very manageable  only every other week and can be fun.
Quiz every Monday and it's a filpped class so get ready to lead materials over the weekend. Discussions are optional not that helpful. Lab TAs grade very easily.
The class is flipped so Craig doesn't lecture per se (only in office hours) Most in class learning is in team applications and quizzes. Craig is great at explaining concepts but sometimes he goes too far in depth.
I love this man.  He is one of the most passionate professors at Duke, very kind and down to earth.  The class is very application based, and for those that prefer application over memorization, it is definitely a good choice.  Class isn't very hard, and he lets the class as a whole decide the weighting!
Dr. Craig is an awesome professor who wants his students to succeed. That said, the class I took with him had a "flipped classroom", which involved most lectures/learning done outside the classroom. His quizzes and tests were fair, if a bit difficult, and his (and TA's) in-class feedback was excellent.
His class is flipped, so prepare to watch hours of videos outside of class to understand the concepts. Aside from that, Craig is a good professor who is always willing to help if you have a question. He answers almost anything as long as it doesn't give you the answer. Very practical applications of chemistry. Take this class!
A lot of people are intimidated by the flip classroom style that Dr. Craig has but for what he teaches, I think it works really well. He's very passionate about teaching and wants his students to do well. Basically, he's awesome.
Craig is a great guy and really wants you to do well. The class is flipped so you will have to read a lot and time in class is spent taking quizzes or doing group application problems. He'll always answer questions and do his best to explain, but sometimes it gets too abstract. He has a passion for the subject, even though it's a pretty hard class
This class is flipped so Dr. Craig doesn't really teach the class much. However, I feel like when Dr. Craig does, he is a very good professor, and I honestly feel like the flipped style is beneficial because Dr. Craig is able to incorporate a lot more details and concepts, especially for orgo, that the chem 101 kids don't get.
Dr. Craig was the best professor I have ever had.  He always helps  by answering questions after lecture or boosting grades wherever he could.  Application problems helped me learn concepts. Flipped classroom works really well.  However, YOU need to take initiative.  Go to class every Friday and ask questions at office hours and you will be fine!
Dr. Craig is an amazing professor and he wants everyone to understand and do well. He's one of those people who love teaching and are meant to do it. I'm not sure I'm a fan of the flipped classroom but my teammates were great to study with. Labs were a constant source of stress. Overall good class.
Dr. Craig really seems to believe in the merit of his flipped-classroom method, which I can respect. Lectures are spent either doing quizzes or team-based problem solving. I did learn a bit from my teammates, and it was probably more enjoyable than traditional lectures would have been. However, the class didn't seem worth my tuition at all.
Very effectively takes advantage of flipped classroom concept. If you're not already familiar with chem you will need to study a bit before class to get through weekly quizzes and team application problems. Class is very cooperative and problem-solving-oriented.
Lab section was more brutal than the course. Professor Craig is very cool - wish he taught us more but because the course was flipped it was truly dependent on A.) the ability of your team B.) your motivation and C.) how well you can work backwards from solution keys to the application problems.
Dr. Craig is an amazing professor who loves what he teaches. The class is flipped which was good for me since I can never stay awake during long lectures. Grading is fair and as long as you understand the team application problems you will be fine.
Best professor at duke. Extremely intelligent and approachable. Explains concepts really well and knows what you are actually asking even if sometimes you are not sure.  Tests are hard but if you understand the applications you will have no problem on them. Nice guy and try a lot of ways to boost your grades up.
Craig's a great guy. He'll help when you ask and he is pretty generous with grade adjustment. That being said, the classroom is flipped and the model just doesn't work for this particular class. The resources given are not great in quality and when he lectures (which is rare), it's often too complicated to understand.
I'm torn. His applications are hard for stupid reasons but he loves curving your grade upwards and helping you. He's incredibly smart and teaches incredibly well during discussion section, but he hardly ever lectures and instead wastes your time with his flipped classroomapplication Q's. This is less work though than Chem 101 believe it or not.
