Professor Morey, was a great professor and made glass enjoyable to go to. Although the course was very difficult in my opinion it really taught me a lot and made me more engaged and made me want to go to class more. I highly recommend taking professor Morey.
If you are taking this class as a major requirement do not take his class. He lectures were close to useless and the quiz/test questions (usually recycled) made no sense and hurt my brain to try to read. I've heard he is a good professor at an upper level, but he should not teach a principles class. You will have to work too hard for just average.
Morey's ECON 2010 class was by far the hardest class I have taken. The lectures are very full of material that isn't exactly relevant to the midterm or final. Although he is very willing to help you outside of class if you go to office hours, which is something I would recommend. And go to recitation as well, it will help your grade a lot.
I think people can take Edward's class and do well. His quizzes and tests get frustrating you just need to learn how to work with them. The most annoying thing about his class is it is YOU WILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT GRADE YOU HAVE until the last the day of the semester.
Edward Morey was the most difficult economics professor I had at CU Boulder. Nonetheless, he was the best professor. Listen, economics isn't a breeze. This professor prepares you for REAL WORLD economics. Amazing dude, and hilarious at that.
One of the worst Professors I have ever had. "If you want to succeed on the Exams just memorize the past exam questions" - Edward Morey
Although I received an A+ in this class, Edward Morey is a bad professor. I will admit I found his classroom antics hilarious, but his in class examples were very poor representations of what you actually need to know. What I found most annoying was the fact that his test questions are essentially riddles with a vague bearing on Econ.
I can understand why most don't like Morey; they want to get good grades but don't want to work for it. If you're willing to put in your work (mainly reading the textbook and showing up to class) and really focus on the examples he gives in class, I promise this class will be manageable. He's also hilarious with a very non-PC type of humor, love it
Really just not a great teacher. Really did not enjoy the class. Tests were overcomplicated and confusing and his examples in class did nothing to help. Though if you study past exams you will do fine
Edward Morey- although trashed on this page, is by far one of the best professors I have had at CU boulder this year. He is smart, funny, and although intimidating- will help you out tremendously if you go to office hours.
Prof. Morey does not teach clearly, and assumes that we know more than we do for an 'Principles' class, even with the assigned readings.   If you are in this class, GO TO RECITATION!
His lectures are completely irrelevant to subject material on the exams. He gives odd inappropriate examples that do not make sense and only confuse the subject matter. His exams are a compilation of riddles only he knows the answers to and he gets a kick out of seeing how confused he makes his students with his nonsensical questions.
Boring
Took it as a Freshman, yet he teaches his classes as if we are all graduate students already able to understand ambiguous concepts. He resents Pre-Business kids looking to get at least a B- in his course to go into Leeds (AKA MOST OF THE STUDENTS TAKING HIS COURSE) and finds it fun to confuse students through the most riddling questions.
He is a cool guy but his tests are vey hard and confusing. What he lectured about never seemed to be on the tests.
Ed Morey is by far the greatest prof in the econ department. He is extremely intellgent and uses real life examples to make his points. His tests are hard but if you go into office hours he wants to help you and all of his past tests are on his website. Econ is clearly his passion and it shows. Good class.
Long boring lectures,  He takes attendence randomly  Tests are confusing
He gives really good examples in his lectures but none of them relate back to real micro. They are all about tequila and chocolate. The tests are basically 50 riddles vaguely about Econ. HE puts all his old tests online and pulled questions from those so if you can memorize 10 years worth of tests you are good. Attendance is graded for recitation.
Although he can be confusing at times, Edward posts every exam he has ever given on his webpage. Study those exam questions and your chances of passing increase significantly.  His unique personality is reflected in the examples that he uses in lecture notes. You could probably not show up and do well just by reviewing his lecture notes and exams.
He's a nice and relatively funny guy but his tests are impossible. His lectures are extremely long and are ususally pretty boring. Though I didn't do that bad in the class I deserved an A, and the only reason I got a B is because I completely failed the final. His test questions are like riddles and don't reflect your understanding for the content.
