I'm surprised that Patrick got so many low ratings because I personally loved him as a Prof. He is consistent in grading &amp; responsible for handing work back in a timely manner. He also is very thorough in lectures &amp; teaches you even how to use your calculator. He is also pretty funny &amp; quirky so that keeps it interesting. Want to take again for 142
Professor Orchard is a little awkward, making it difficult for some students to understand. However, the class material is very easy (first unit is hs freshman level math), so it should not be too bad. . Show up to class because of pop quizzes (some of which are class/open note quizzes). He is sweet and puts book/game references in examples.
Out of all the profs, Patrick is the best option. He teaches much better than others and cracks a few jokes here and there. This class isn't extremely difficult but I did not do as well as I thought I would have. He can get boring so sometimes it is hard to stay awake but he is easily accessible outside of class.
I am not usually very good at math, but he made it easy to understand. He is constantly making sure everyone understands what he has just taught. There are a lot of quizzes DO NOT FORGET ABOUT THESE!!!! I would have had an A instead of a B if I had studied more for his quizzes. Super nice guy who cares about his students!
Prof. Orchard a great lecturer, and I recommend going to class. I'm not the worst at math, but I thought I could just study for 2 days before the test and be okay, but if you want an A you gotta study for a week, and every test counts!! One bad test grade will effect your final grade. The final reviews alone isn't enough, study the hw!
He's a cool guy. I would recommend
I really enjoyed Patrick! He is well spoken throughout his lectures and gives great ways to study(Week-End Reviews). He has weekend reviews every week on Tuesdays and I highly recommend doing them before every test to study. Overall he gives you everything you need to get a good grade and I highly recommend him as a professor.
Prof Orchard is best in office hours, he teaches all on the board and works through examples, and doesn't give much else. He does offer tutoring sessions on Tuesday's HIGHLY RECOMMEND going to those, he does replace the lowest test w the final, and you have weekly HW/quizzes. I had a really hard time in this class and really had to work for it.
Mr. Orchard is honestly an amazing professor. His communication in lecture is so clear and understandable. He never condescends questions and offers a Week in Review that covers material learned within the past week. My friends that had another professor went to his week in review and it helped them so much! Definitely take him if you can!!!
Mr. Orchard wasn't the best teacher, but he definitely cares and will answer as many questions as he can in class. He is honestly a really nice person and is a huge nerd, which makes for a lot of laughs. The class, in general, isn't too bad, especially if you've taken stats before. Go to the week in review sessions they help a ton!
This class truly taught me that the professor does matter!! Although he is nice and seems like a cool person-he does not know how to explain the math well. He likes to give lots of definitions, which for me, in math does not help. Easy class but hard prof... Final is coming up... trying to teach myself everything &amp; still wondering if Ill pass :(
Not very good at explaining material, if you are good at math, you have a good chance. However, if you struggle with math even a little bit, Patrick Orchard is not for you. He can be very difficult to understand and doesn't know how to answer questions.
Mr. Orchard is funny, but not a good teacher. I'm good at math so I didn't have many problems, but he is terrible at explaining things. Would not recommend if you struggle with math. Also lots of pop quizzes, but not too hard.
He knows his material inside and out, explains well, answers questions, re explains to make topics more clear, and genuinely wants his students to understand the material. He knows how to relate each section to life. it's not an easy A class, but if you work hard and utilize your resources you will be fine.
Mr. Orchard is a great prof. He goes through things very slowly and provides so many ways to get extra help. He is a little awkward, but it sorta makes him funny and relatable. Definitely take him for Math 141
He does not teach effectively at all. He clearly understands the material, but can't explain it and is rude if people ask questions. He is sort of awkward and quiet. I recommend taking someone else.
Dr. Orchard is one of the best professors I've had. He explained things clearly and provided example problems and test reviews that are very similar to whats on the test. Online homework is easy and allows lots of attempts. He is funny and makes lots of jokes during lecture. If you have a math brain this will be a very easy class for you.
I am terrible at math. I was told that this class was pretty easy, however it was awful. If you're okay or good at math you will be fine, just don't forget the weekly homework. ATTEND 4.0 AND GO IF YOU'RE HAVING TROUBLE. 4.0 is the only reason I managed to pass this class. He tries to be funny but he is pretty monotone. Doesn't check attendance
Awesome prof. Holds seemingly endless channels of help (help desk hours, office hours, and week in reviews) that are a must to go to because they allow you to see material over and over again. Funny humor gets you through the approx. 1.5 hr lecture. Recommend going to class but if you are okay with getting a B or not putting effort notes are online
If you took higher-level math classes in high school or at least have a pretty solid background in math, this class should be super easy! I was able to skate by with a pretty low amount of effort. He really does care that everyone is learning in the class and the tests are fair. He has a quirky sense of humor so class itself is also kind of fun.
