really funny guy and pretty fun lectures. An A is 87%, and theres only 4 exams (lowest gets dropped) and 10 unproctored online quizzes (all on quizlet). Go to lectures because a lot of the videos and material mentioned in lecture are on the exams. he gives you study guides and if you study that the night before the exam you'll do fine. Easy A
Loved this class! The study guide is literally the test, very clear expectations. He's funny and very good at explaining things. The tests are 100% of the class grade, but they aren't very hard and extra credit is offered.
Dr. Short was a really funny guy, but he would often skim over the material in class and would leave most of the teaching up to online modules that take forever. His tests were pretty easy and he drops the lowest score which is nice, and he also gives you some answers right before the test.
This class is super easy and Dr. Short is by far the best professor to have for it. Class is on,y one day a week and you really dont ever need to go unless theres a test, but Dr. Short is a great lecturer. Quizlet is your best friend.
His class can be challenging at first because it is only based off of 3 tests. There are 4 total, but one gets dropped. His lectures are very entertaining and are recommended going to because some test questions are based off these in person lectures. However, if you put in basic effort, you will be able to succeed.
Most of his homework/online quizzes are accessible on Course Hero or Quizlet. Lectures are very interesting between the exciting information and professor. Tests are pretty tough but has a very fair grading scale I got an 88% which is still considered an A.
Super funny guy that makes the material interesting and easy to digest. The only grades in the class come from four 50 question exams with the lowest being dropped. He does give some extra credit opportunities throughout the semester. Great class.
Only meet once a week, weekly quizzes were a pain but easy points to boost grade tests pretty much follow the study guides he gives, just make sure to pay attention to boring in class videos as well as examples he does in class. Get the study participation requirement done early before all the spots fill up.
He is a funny professor. Showing up to class is optional, but you will want to show up because some things he says in class is included in the exams. Very easy and interesting class. He challenges you to think critically
Dr. Short was a great Social Psych professor! I liked his class so much that I took another class of his (Positive Psych) in the summer. I would recommend him as a professor to any psychology or non-psychology major.
Hes funny, but you wont LOVE the content in this class. He shows some videos in class and puts them on the test to check for attendance, so if you dont show up, the highest grade you can get is 80%. He drops the lowest test grade (only 4) but you shouldnt rely on it. Otherwise, his class is pretty manageable.
Nothing against Dr. Short, but this classes grade is based off of 3/4 exams. Having 4 grades leaves zero room for error, do bad on one exam and it'll be hard to end up with an A. DO NOT SKIP CLASS or you're toast.
Dr. Short is a cool guy. I got an 87% in his class, which is considered an A. Take advantage of the EC opportunities as the tests are pretty hard. I got a C on almost every one of them and still somehow wound up with an A.
His class is okay. It was hard because it's a LOT of memorization. He gives four exams and drops the lowest score. No HW. His lectures are interesting, he shows a lot of videos where he takes a lot of exam questions from, so skip class the least you can. Sometimes he forgets he has international students (I am one) because he speaks way too fast.
Dr. Short is funny and clearly passionate about his field. This area does not interest me as much but if you place the extra effort to read the text book you should get an A. The videos and lectures are hilarious and you will enjoy the class regardless. There are only 4 curved exams, lowest gets dropped. He also offers 4 extra credit papers.
Very charismatic professor! He makes all his lectures very enjoyable, he tends to embed many videos in it, some of the questions from the test comes from the video. Its honestly a safe choice to do the study guide and go to review sessions!! No homework. 4 tests (drops the lowest one). Research requirement, do it early and you get extra credit.
Dr. Short is amazing! He can make a dry lecture on history interesting. He has a lot of extra credit opportunities and his As start at an 87. As long as you pay attention and do the study guilds you will do well. TAKE THIS CLASS!
He gives the best lectures! I actually liked showing up to class. Attendance is not required / no quizzes, but he shows videos that have content that will be on exams (plus he gives huge hints about exam questions)
The first test was pretty difficult, but if you do the readings and pay attention in lecture you should be able to manage a good grade on all of the tests. There is a research requirement, so get that done early to obtain the extra credit. He is an awesome professor and I highly recommend!
absolutely awesome professor, would take again! He loves social psychology and is very interesting in his delivery of the material. Fairly graded - an average of your 3 highest grades out of 4 exams. Go to class and take notes, pay close attention to the videos. Also gives 3% extra credit on top of final grade if you complete all opportunities.
