His slides are mainly pictures of various biological processes that makes it extremely difficult to take notes on ahead of time like he suggests. However, he is very good at explaining the topics in lecture. My advice: go to lecture and listen to try to understand and do the clickers and then re-watch the lectures and take notes at home.
really funny and cares a lot about Bio, but he knows the material so well, it 's often hard for him to explain it to students who don't understand. clicker questions every class, and homework every week, exams are extensive. but he's a good guy.
This class is extremely difficult for a 1000 level course, especially if you don't come in with lots of previous knowledge of bio. He is a very nice and friendly guy, but he moves through the slides so quickly that it is impossible to keep up, and they are very unorganized which makes it difficult to take efficient notes.
One of my favorite teachers, very nice and really helpful.
Professor Adams is a hilarious and sweet man that really lightens the mood. At one point he dressed up as a gangsta to rap this song about biology. It was hilarious and really showed William cares about his students. He just has issues displaying information because he knows it so well.
Solid professor. Has a habit of going on tangents that are related to the subject, lots of stories, but all of them are fairly quick and many funny. Nice guy, really good at explaining the material; answered questions even I didn't know were answerable in the scope of the course. Do note: Classes heavily rely on in-class, powerpoint is gospel.
He was very entertaining. He does go through lectures pretty quickly but that is normal for a huge lecture class. The exams can be tough but they were online so you can have your notes accessible just in case. The content is tough but he made it fun. I was sad to see the switch of professors halfway through the semester.
I'm so glad I had Adams first semester of freshman year. He made a class I thought would be difficult fun and far easier. He and another prof switched halfway through the semester, but I'm happy I had Adams for at least a bit.
DO NOT take this class unless you already have taken an intro biology and intro chem class. This class is SO much more difficult than an intro bio course. Professor adams is very nice and sweet but his course is in no way an intro bio course. If you don't have a solid understanding of biology before this course you will not do well.
Adams taught the first half of the semester and Taylor taught the second half. Don't let the easy clicker and homework questions fool you, the tests are very difficult. You have to pay attention and study hard to do well. Challenging but not the hardest thing ever. I would've gotten a better grade if I put more effort in
William is very funny &amp; makes lectures interesting. But, I believe this class was way too hard for an entry-level biology class. The tests are very difficult and they go way deeper into concepts than we ever covered in class. Using the book helps, although it's not required. Be prepared to do everything online.
Great Professor who is really good at explaining concepts in lectures. covers all the details you will need to know for the tests. He is very kind and speaks with tone that makes it hard to fall asleep, always engaged.
Very good instructor. Attendance was not mandatory, but he does use iclickers. He's fun and very passionate about his lectures, which helped to make them more interesting. He was very clear and thorough with his explanations and was always willing to help clarify any confusion. Would strongly recommend.
Very funny. Makes the lectures interesting and talks a lot about his own experiences. He's very lenient on homework; you get like a week for each assignment, and he's great at watching out for questions and does his best to answer them. Make sure you go to class, because clickers are a huge part of the grade and there are tons of them.
Professor Adam taught the first half of the course this semester and was fantastic! Not only does he really enjoy his job and is passionate about the lectures, he makes plenty of time for students after/outside of class for help. One of my favorite teachers so far! Very quirky and wears a polo and fanny pack almost everyday. Note: LOVES plants!
Professor Adams taught the first half of the course and he was awesome! He is a very enthusiastic lecturer and clearly loves what he is doing. My favorite attribute was the fact that he wears a fannypack everywhere! Overall though, this class isn't too bad at all. Show up, take notes and get clicker points, and this year the tests were even online!
Fantastic teacher, very helpful, always in a good mood, reliable.
An amazing professor who cares so much about his students. I was so sad to see  him leave halfway through to switch profs. I hate the subject but he made it click of me. I'v never had a more engaging teacher.
Dr. Adams is great at making extremely boring and dry material very entertaining at least. As long as you pay attention in lecture the tests aren't hard at all. Terrific professor. The fanny pack is just an added bonus.
Dr Adams is a great teacher. He does make it easy to get some grade padding clicker questions in class and is super passionate about what he teaches. Tells you exactly what will be on the test, but that doesn't mean it's easy.
