Mike Dubson is very well respected by students in the physics department, he is known for engaging and informative lectures. He seems pretty down-to-earth and a nice guy too. You'll like taking a class with him.
great lectures. as a lecturer, he is one of the best out there. every class is engaging and clear. overall, my issues are with the physics department as a whole. multiple choice exams are a horrible way to access knowledge, especially multiple choice exams filled with trick questions. dubson was awesome, but the class takes a lot of work.
One of the only professors I've had that manages to hold everyone's attention in a 300 person lecture hall. He's pretty funny and he has daily clicker questions which count for a part of your grade. As long as you do and understand the practice tests you'll do fine on the tests.
One of the best physics Professors !
Dubsons an awesome teacher, clearly knows exactly what he's doing, very effective &amp; entertaining lectures. Class is very hard, if youre not sure about physics beware of Calc 1&amp;2 requirement for PHYS 1&amp;2. Mastering physics takes hours and is way more complicated than anything else you'll see. Dubson is hardly available for help, go to help room
Always finds ways to make lectures interesting and fun for students. Great use of demonstrations to help everyone understands the theory taught right before. May be this course in general but quite a bit of homework for lectures and recitations.
Incredible lectures, highly recommend him. When I struggled he was very supportive outside of class too.
Dr. Dubson is one of the best professors ever. His lectures are fun and helpful. Everyone can enjoy his class while learning. (I took his PHYS1110 and PHYS1120.)
Very good at teaching a large lecture.
Dubson excels at making sure you don't just get on your phone and stay there. While I definitely have passed many lectures zoning out due to monotonous professors or a lack of enthusiasm, Dubson keeps you engaged, entertained, and caring. Which, in the long run, means less studying and googling answers since you actually remember the lecture.
Attend Class for Clicker Points which is a part of your grade. Lecture notes are very helpful print them.
This class is scattered. Lectures, homework, and tests all cover different material at different levels. Homework, for example, is WAY harder than lecture (or even the tests) and takes hours. You may feel you understand in lecture and get clicker questions right consistently, but that doesn't mean you'll do well on the tests. All hail the curve.
He's funny, charismatic, no-nonsense and does some brilliant demonstrations in class.
Best professor I have ever had. I went to him after almost every lecture, and he spent ample amount of time with me to ensure I understood everything. He told me he wished more students went to him for help. Very personable, and knows A LOT. I highly recommend him to everyone!
As a biochemistry major, I found this course really challenging. I took honors physics in high school and still struggled. Dubson is good at explaining things, but this is a huge lecture so if you have questions you generally don't go to him specifically for help.
The physics department here is amazing and Dubson is the reason for it. His lectures clearly make you fully understand physics with his unusually perfect chalkboard writing skills. Everything is to the point and you feel much more comfortable with the material after he's done lecturing. Wish I could take Dubson every year.
By far one of the most inspirational teachers I have had, Professor Dubson gives clear, engaging lectures that makes you enjoy the material.
Great instructor. Clear, detailed,and interesting. Funny and lots of amusing anecdotes. Sorry he apparently isn't planning to so any more MOOC's.
I came across professor Michael Dubson's lectures on an online EdX MOOC by MIT and found them profoundly interesting and helpful. He has a very clear way of explaining tough concepts and i specially like his quizzes in between the lectures. An amazing teacher!
He is the one that writes all of the notes that the other physics teachers use. He is not always clear with his lectures, but what's not covered in lecture is covered in his online notes. Not always engaging, but a respectable physics teacher.
