Collins is honestly one of the best professors at A&amp;M. Yes it is a difficult class with lots of homework, but he provides you with great study material. The only reason that you shouldn't do well in this class, is if you don't pull your weight and do what he tells you to do. He genuinely cares about his students and his lectures are hilarious.
Dr. Collins is a solid choice for professor, but I feel like he is a hit or miss with most people. You either worship him or hate him haha. A funny guy who really cares about his students, but his class is very challenging and the hw is a pain :( Had Bethel last semester &amp; to compare, Bethel has an easier class but I learned far more from Collins.
Daniel Collins is easily the best professor I have ever had. This class is hard. But the way he teaches and makes you work, you actually learn the material. He has so many resources for you if you don't understand anything and Gabbi is an exceptional IA. In this class, you will actually retain the information that you are receiving. 100% recommend.
He is a wonderful professor!! He pushes all of his students to go above and beyond!!! Gabby is a real gem and helps so much for exams!! The textbook problems he provides are unmatched when it comes to exam prep!
Dr. Collins is a great professor. He genuinely cares for his students and wants them to succeed. He has the ability to relate chemistry to common things to get a better understanding for the topic. Pay attention to the SI and AI review sheets because they are good examples of what his test would be like. I am taking him again for CHEM 102.
Dr. Collins was a great professor. I genuinely enjoyed his class even though it was difficult and chemistry isn't my favorite subject. He cares about his students and is always working to improve the learning environment but he is also tough. It is important to study hard and come to class, and if you dedicate the time to his class, you will be OK.
Dr. Collins is easily my favorite prof to date. Hes really funny and genuinely cares about his students success. Always available outside of class. The class itself is difficult but doable. Read the book before class, be sure to do all the ALEKS hw (itll help later!) and dont be afraid to ask for help. He wont bite you I promise!
Probably the best chemistry prof on campus. You will have to learn the material to succeed, but he provides a ton of resources and great teaching. The homework is time consuming occasionally, but was very helpful in learning the material. The tests are all multiple choice and can be challenging, but not overwhelming (unless you don't study).
TAKE COLLINS, especially if you have to take higher level chem courses later on. He expects a lot of his students, but he provides all the help you need to succeed. If you go to the IA &amp; SI sessions, do the book problems, and take advantage of office hours, you'll do well in this course. Collins is super funny, &amp; I very much enjoyed his class.
Tests are way harder than the homework provided, in addition if you know and hate aleks like most students do, get used to it. All of his homework and quizzes are through aleks. Very difficult professor, would not recommend.
Everyone complains on here but Collins is a nice guy and a GREAT prof. Yes, hes intimidating and yes, this class is incredibly difficult but hes entertaining, caring, &amp; clearly passionate about what he teaches. If you want something easy, DONT take him. If youre a hardworker and actually want to learn, Collins is your best bet.
College-level chemistry is going to be hard no matter what. Collins is a great choice for 101. His lectures are material-heavy, but he's super funny and likes to tell little stories to keep things interesting. My advice: GO TO CLASS, start the homework early (unfortunately, there is a lot), attend the SI sessions, &amp; be prepared to put in the work
Dr. Collins is one of the best professors I've ever had. He actually teaches and cares about his students. The homework on Aleks is annoying but you actually learn a lot. His tests are really difficult! Do the questions in the back of the book and from the SI sessions. Be prepared to study! His tests may be harder but taking his class is worth it.
This man is the only man I would ever dream of taking Gen. Chem with! He is a quirky, witty genius with an arsenal of dad jokes. The content is challenging, but Dr. Collins provides so many resources for success, so if you're not doing well, its on you. He can be a jerk in his own snarky way, but deep down he truly cares for his students! GREAT man
Great prof and great lectures. One of his most notable aspects is that he provides AMAZING Instructional Assistants and Supplement Instructors that help a TON. They help you understand any confusing material by providing you with five available sessions throughout the week. Taking him again for 102.
Make sure you attend class, there is an iClicker question before each class which you get points for at the end of the year. As long as you do the HW and quizzes on Aleks, which there is alot of, you'll be fine. While not used alot the book is helpful to do the practice problems since the tests are very similar to these questions.
His exams are the hardest out of every professor for Chem 101.
Dr. Collins is BY FAR one of the best profs at TAMU. He cares a lot about his students, and he does everything he can to help you succeed. Because he does so much, he expects you to utilize what he gives you, and he won't curve tests or give free-bee points. His lectures are fun and inclusive. If you want an A, work VERY HARD!
Dr. Collins is a great professor. He truly wants everyone to learn. He gives a ton of resources to help you study and his tests are genuinely trying to see if you know the material. No tricks. He's also pretty funny. Definitely taking him again for Chem 102
There are 3 exams and 1 final. No tricks on the tests, it's exactly as the ppt problems and SI/AI sessions. GO TO THE SESSIONS THEY ARE A LIFE SAVER!! If you know how to do the SI/AI problems and textbook problems he gives, you should do well. He's a funny guy so lectures are 10x more bearable, and I feel that things are explained well.
