He is SO funny and really interesting to listen to. He gives extra credit if others don't show up and you do. Seriously just listen in class, read the book and take notes and you'll get an A. Not a blowoff class for sure. Show up and put in the effort he asks of you (which isn't much- he is chill) and you will succeed. I'll miss prof smith.
I took POLS 206 the previous semester with a different prof and made a C and thought i hated POLS until i had jason smith for 207. His lectures were very interesting, he related everything to current events, and threw in some dad jokes during each class. 10/10 would recommend, there's no better POLS prof at tamu
Smith is the best pols prof to take at tamu. Your grade is based on 3 exams and he gives you a review. If you go to class and write down whats on the powerpoint, you should get an A
He only tests over what he lectures in class, so while attendance is important, it's also well worth it. He is chock full of references that will surely make you laugh and you're always caught up on current events in his class. He will often give extra credit if you show up on a day that most people skip too. Only three (EASY) exams.
Pros : 3 Tests total with no final, charismatic and very comedic teacher, extra credit when &lt;50% students in class (and sometimes after tests), online quizzes and homework (Some low are dropped), afternoon classes, lectures only needed, and cares deeply about student success. Cons : Tests are extremely significan. Slides aren't posted online. JC
An amazing passionate prof, it'd be difficult to find someone better.
Your grade in the class is only 3 test grades and the tests are not impossible but it is difficult to get an A on them. There is no textbook and he doesnt post any notes so you need to go to class even though its not mandatory. He gave extra credit 2 times if you were in class so make sure to go to class.
He's a great prof, but your grade is based on 3 exams and its all lecture based. Get ready to take a lot of notes, and pay attention. Plus he's hilarious so you always laugh in class.
Smith makes lectures enjoyable! The class is based on only three tests that are all lecture based so you have to show up and take good notes. I got an A from the extra credit he gave so again, go to class and you will most likely get extra credit at some point. I would take another Political Science class from him for sure!
Most people thought this class was a doable A, however it was only based on 3 exams. He often times barely covered the specific questions on the exam and there is no textbook to get the info elsewhere. I was not the best at cracking his code (wording was confusing on 1/5 of the test questions IMO). But, he is entertaining and I learned a lot.
Dr. Smith is great at giving lecture's but you'll have a hard time on his test if you don't go to class. The grade is mainly based off three exams with easy online homework. I messed up bad on the first exam which made it hard for me to recover and get an A.
Dr. Smith's lecture is what made POLS 206 actually enjoyable. He makes a lot of funny jokes, and he go on rants about the most random things, which is pretty awesome. There are 3 test worth the majority of your grade, which is 60%. You also have online quizzes and homework. He will extra credit if less than half the class is there.
Dr. Smith is HILARIOUS. I learned more about life than state gov in this class. He actually made state government interesting and relevant for non- POLS majors. Everything comes from lectures, so show up. The one downside is his exams have difficult wording, and he may not go over everything on the study guides. He's also hard to reach over email.
If you want to pass, just show up to class because there is NO text book and he doesn't NOT post any notes or slides online. However, he goes off topic a LOT, and could never finish lecturing on time often leaving him emailing us late at night before an exam on all the info he didn't get to but expects us to know for the exam.
He doesnt use a book so its crucial that you attend class! he spends most of the class going on tangents about something that is happening and its kind of annoying because he doesnt make it through all that he is supposed to and we dont make it through the review.
Smith is the best POLS 206 prof. Super funny, non-biased on political views, tells super interesting stories and gives out extra credit occasionally for showing up to class. But, attendance is mandatory. He'll sneak test answers during the lecture so you must pay attention. Overall, the best prof I could ask for. Take him, you won't regret it.
Great prof!!!! Very good lecturer, kept it interesting . No book, so you need to go to class cause his tests are only lecture based. Do the review on ecampus and you're guaranteed a B. I would recommend this prof to anyone. Also, go to class as often as you can . He hands out extra credit at random times .
The class was easy enough, just very lecture based so be sure to take thorough notes. It's kind of hard to figure out what will be on the test because he takes up a lot of time with tangents which may or may not actually relate to the test which makes studying rough. Lots of dad jokes. Lots of political rants.
I absolutely loved Dr. Smith! He is HILARIOUS! He structures the class to do everything to help you pass, and he doesnt use a textbook which is really nice! He doesnt post his slides so the only way to get the information is to show up to lecture, he makes it interesting though. He gives out test reviews but they arent very comprehensive
At first it was hard for me to get info out of his lectures. He puts slides on the screen but mainly talks. But I got used to it and loved his class! He gives most information in lecture, but the textbook really helps understand concepts better. A great professor, and he will definitely keep you laughing! Don't let your phone go off though or yikes
