not smart enough for me
Dr. Sergi as class was great due to his teaching style, the case studies and Prof. Li. They are approachable and willing to give guidance. I really appreciate them.
Outstanding professor! Immensely knowledgeable in economics; knows how to transmit that knowledge to his students. Highly recommend!
A great, inspiring, challenging and supporting Professor. You learn a lot and the experience is invaluable!
one of harvard's best professors.
An excellent professor of emerging economies
Professor Sergi is a very kind person.  He is a great professor because he wants his students to work hard and in-turn they do (most of them) work hard because they see how much he cares. I wrote 3 1500 page papers and then had a team paper that was about 5000 words. It sounds like a lot, but it was all worth it and I strongly suggest this course.
A great Professor of Economics. I learned alot from his class especially how the international market is performing with particular emphasis on China, India etc. We got to interact with various guest speakers which enhanced our understanding in the field of Economics. Also, his knowledge in Economics is amazing.
Mr. Sergi is extremely cooperative and helpful. You can approach him very easily and is always ready to help.
Very competent, open minded, receptive, and extremely knowledgeable professor with NYU &amp; Harvard teaching experience. Prof. Sergi keeps the class engaged with interesting topics, guest speakers, and stimulates class discussion. Amazing experience.
The topic of class is very rare, yet up to the point, especially in today's world of economics. Bruno S. Sergi has a deep understanding of the subject. Learning is rather easy, but productive at the same time. He has a good sense of humor and he is very humane to students. You wont regret taking this course with this professor.
One of the best professor I had in Harvard. Very clear to understand and knowledgable about the material covered. He always invites speaker from the professional field to get involve student on the topic.  At the end of the class you always feel to have learned a lot .
Professor Sergi is an excellent lecturer! His technocratic expertise is very impressive! He really cares about his students and is always willing to provide additional support!
best professor I have ever met!
Very clear and concise
He's dynamic and totally into knowledge. Welcomes different perspectives and questions. Lively and humorous lectures. This guy will not try to foist his own brand on you. He seems to lack the common scholar's bias strongly in favor of his own ideas over those of others. He showed great interest in students' understanding and success.
