Lectures are abhorrently boring. The material itself is a breeze, but knowing this - Terry chooses to ask questions of zero importance to the topic. His tests consist of very specific questions about examples he uses and useless information. Don't think that you'll do well just because you understand the material, you have to play his game.
Yikes. Terry is a nice guy and is funny, but man is his class difficult, as a dean's list student every semester at OSU. Nothing is clear about the online assignments, and the exams are super hard. Only three of them too so you better do well! Watch his online lectures the week of the exam, and that's all I got. Good luck....
I'm an A student. Much of my time was wasted deciphering Terry Paul's vague syllabus. The class is confusing for absolutely no reason. Instead of just writing the specific due dates of assignments in the syllabus, he gives complicated criteria you are supposed to use to determine if you have an assignment or not that week. Clarity is lacking.
Nice guy, means well. Thats the only good thing I can say. He has no experience in the business world, with regards to marketing and sales, so he has a very difficult time applying concept to real world applications. Hes a textbook professor, not a businessman.
The confusion of the online assignments was a little annoying but other than that, its not as bad as people say. I would actually recommend watching all of the lecture videos online the week of an exam instead of attending in person so the small annoying details are fresher in your mind. I never went to class &amp; got an A with the heavy curve
Terry's a nice and funny guy, but this class is absolutely ridiculous. It is super disorganized and the grading system is very unclear. His tests are really hard because there is so much information and his questions can be very specific.
Terry is a horrible professor who believes he is actually teaching marketing to his students. He has the stupidest jokes that end up on his exams. His exams are very tough for an undergrad. For example he will ask a question from the interviews which are so irrelevant such as what was somebody's major. Overall, I am convinced I will not pursue MKTG
he may give extra credit but this is just because he knows he is a TERRIBLE TERRY. literally didnt learn a single thing from his class because I was to fixated at trying to understand where his points were coming from. His exams are extremely hard and he curves the class but also because his exams are very VERY hard. I repeat, very hard.
Terry is a very nice guy and is really engaged in this subject. However, it is just a lot of information. The tests are difficult because of the fact that there is so much information. Make sure to watch the interviews because those are easy points. Don't save all your studying until the last couple days, you will be overwhelmed. Do the EC early!
He posts the lectures on Carmen, so you can either go to class or watch the lectures online. The online lectures and in-person lectures are 90% the same (even the stories or examples he tells). The class is curved but exams alone are 60% of your grade, so be sure to study! The book isn't super dense and there's extra credit available through SONA.
Terry was a good professor. Lecture was LONG and he goes over so much stuff, but go to lecture. I did not read the book at all. I wrote a ton on my lecture slides and studied that info, watched the interviews, and studied the warmups for the exams. Got an A in the class with his curve and had low Bs on the exams. Nice professor, just go to class!
For a principles class, he takes it too far. I never knew what would be important in class as he rambles on and on about stuff, which is why his lectures are so long. He cracks jokes and expects you to know what examples he used in class for the test, which could have been one of these jokes. I didn't learn marketing at all from his class.
His class isn't nearly as hard as everyone makes it out to be, you just have to show up to class and take notes. People find it hard because his class is so painfully boring it's hard to pay attention. Avoid the trap of watching the lecture videos instead of going to class... they are much harder to pay attention to and get anything out of
Exams are difficult. I did not read the book for the first exam and did fine - 80% or an A- on his scale. Some specific, stupid questions, but not as bad as others are saying. Review lecture notes (take good ones) and the online warm-ups and quizzes for textbook material. His curve in the class is supposed to help.
Class is really boring, drags on and on. Good professor though, kind of funny. Exams can be tough, but not impossible. Option to watch online videos instead of lecture. Unusual grading scale on curve. 2 Non-Comprehensive Midterms, 75 MC Q each. Online Quizzes and Warm-Ups through Pearson.
Terry is a great &amp; funny guy, but his exams are way too hard and specific for an intro level course. This is a class that you need to read the suggested chapters in--he will pull a lot of that into his exams. Pay attention during lectures &amp; take good notes because he will pull from that. He rambles &amp; I never knew what I needed to know from lecture.
Paul is kind of a goof. His lectures are at least entertaining but way too long. The exams don't actually test you on how well you know marketing, they are more on how well you paid attention to little things he says in class. Exams are curved though so its not too hard to get a decent grade
You can either watch the lectures online or attend in person. Both were very similar. Tends to talk about a LOT during lecture so you don't know what's important for the exams. He also asks very specific questions on the exams. You ave to read one/two chapters each week and take a weekly quiz (which were easy), but the book explains concepts well
He is a good teacher and the lectures are really informative. The tests are unreasonably hard even if you read all the chapters and know the lectures by heart. The curve in the class is generous though. Seems like he is trying to prove a point that Marketing is harder than people think. He succeeds. Make sure you do the extra credit, you'll need it
The topic is interesting, but his tests are ridiculously specific. Make sure to study the notes on his lectures especially, those are most important. The interviews are extremely tedious and the questions he asks over them have nothing to do with marketing. I'd recommend a different lecturer if possible, this was practically an online class anyway.
