If you do poorly on the 3 exams/finals, you will fail this class. That being said, just study for the exams and you should be fine. The exam questions are fairly straight forward from lecture and discussion questions. Lectures are dull, but go to get notes. The textbook is totally useless.
Professor Roy is a really charismatic and knowledgable lecturer. While he could be a little condescending at times, he genuinely tried to help students succeed. He gave very fair midterms that tested understanding of the material and would even clarify things during exams to help you do your best.
Going to class is not mandatory or needed - unless you feel like you learn better in the lecture setting, you will not be left behind if you read the textbook yourself because that's pretty much what he does in lecture. Nothing especially hard, just chem101, study the material and you will do well. If not, it will be tough.
I mostly skipped lecture and just relied on AP Chem knowledge plus the textbook/exercises, but when I was in class he was clearly quite the public speaker--he went a bit too slow sometimes in my opinion, but otherwise is definitely a really knowledgeable and generally friendly guy. There are times when he loses his patience, but rare.
He is a very engaging lecturer and easy-going. I got to know him during my time at the Marine-lab and since then all the feedback I've heard from friends taking his class was that "He made chem so much easier than I thought." I took his CHEM101 this semester (not finished) but he is definitely an approachable, engaging, and devoted lecturer.
I really don't understand why they have us copying 3 pages of 1.25 spaced procedures into a lab notebook by hand before every lab. This is unnecessary, childish, and tedious, not to mention a complete waste of time and effort. This class is good, but lab really, really sucks.
Dr. Roy is great. Very enthusiastic lecturer and very well put-together. The material can be dense, but he does a great job explaining it and his lectures are very organized. Very accessible outside of class. My only regret is that I can't take Orgo with him
Absolutely amazing. His lectures are enjoyable and interesting. I really think this man deserves a reward for how great he is. Highly Highly Highly recommend taking his class.
I really disliked his style of lecturing. He often went off topic and did not focus on the material that we were tested on. His tests were extremely difficult and the wording was sometimes confusing.
I had Roy for the first half of CHEM101 and Macphail for the second half. Roy is definitely more clear with his language. He's very available outside of class, and offers study sessions before midterms. I'd recommend reading the textbook chapters for this class because it makes things more clear. Definitely take the labs and discussions seriously.
Dr. Roy is a great lecturer; he uses his projected iPad screen for lecture so it's easy to take notes, and he keeps lectures interesting and funny. I highly recommend him, but you still have to study and read the textbook if you want to be proficient in chemistry.
His humor is meh. Kind of gets in the way of lectures, and he only explains concepts and topics at the surface level. This class is just fine if you had a solid AP Chem. teacher. If you do not have an AP Chem background, find students to help you because Roy and MacPhail's lectures will not adequately prepare you for exams. Textbook is great-use it
I enjoyed Roy's lectures - his jokes helped lessen the dryness of the material, and he explained concepts clearly. He was enthusiastic and made chemistry about as palatable as it could be. The lectures followed the textbook pretty closely. His exams are fair assessments of your understanding, and he'll give you points back on a regrade if deserved.
Roy is very engaging during his lectures and tries to make chemistry as interesting as possible. If you skip lectures, definitely read the textbook. Roy has a cute dog too.
Dr. Roy is an enthusiastic lecturer whose energy can lead you through a content heavy class. Even so, all the information comes rapid-fire fast. Even during office hours, his responses can come far faster than your questions. A very cool man who's flunched often, but he moves quickly.
Great guy, very engaging and enthusiastic.
Though I hadn't taken chemistry since 10th grade, this class was not very difficult. Since the lecture notes are posted online and the textbook is fantastic (uses clear, basic language and easily explains tough concepts) attending lecture isn't necessary (though Roy is great). Labs and online HWs are annoying and can take up a good amount of time.
Dr. Roy sometimes co-teaches the class with Dr. MacPhail, which can be a bit confusing because their teaching styles differ. He's funny and knowledgeable, and tells you why something is happening.  The tests are difficult and the Sapling doesn't help much. The labs were simple most of the time and didn't really have anything to do with the lecture.
Chem101 was a fine class, a prereq that I'd never have taken otherwise, but ok. Roy was a good lecturer, has passion for sure and cracks a few jokes. But attending lecture and reading the textbook isn't enough. The tests have a lot of math-y FRQ, so know the difference between understanding what you read and being able to do problems. Do Sapling.
Professor Roy brought enthusiasm to Chem 101, and taught the criteria clearly. There is some homework and tests are definitely difficult, but if you spend a lot of time studying and doing practice problems you will be fine.
