exams are pretty difficult and can be hard if you dont attend lectures
His lectures are pretty good and you really need to go because he doesn't post answers to the problems he does in class and you have to do them the exact same way for homework and exams. Grading is really tough if you don't do it the same way.
The professor goes off on tangents during lectures a lot and is condescending and doesn't answer questions on Piazza when asked about a simple topic. Also, the lectures are really boring and aren't worth going to.
Cares for his students. Reasonably clear lecturer. Small mistakes will lose you a lot of points on homework and exams.
Callister is a really nice guy. He is open to questions and gives a lot of examples during class to help you study. Very enthusiastic and incorporates personal stories in class.
Best class I've taken at Cornell. Love going to lecture
Dry humor. Tests are easy but curved. It'll be hard to get anything higher than or lower than an A.
He is one of the best if not the best prof I've had at Cornell. do the readings before class,  go to class, do the homework to get an A. Paying attention in class usually clears up the topics you found confusing. in class exercises are super helpful. I'm not even an engineer. I took the class because I like cars and I got an A. material isn't hard.
The class is very easy, especially compared to other freshman engineering classes. Show up to class and go over the material before prelims and you should be fine. Only had 3 homework assignments and one easy group project the whole semester.
Math level needed for homework is algebra, easy. Lectures are interesting bc he uses current examples. Some were upset with questions on prelim but they Were in the reading that he assigns. Straightforward class, easy to get an A if you pay attention, maybe without doing so as well. Not curved.
Interesting entrepreneurship class. The takeaways from the class were constructing a good business plan, and basic accounting and business skills.
An "easy" elective for ORIE majors who want a class with no work, but a class with tons of work for budding entrepreneurs like me. Useless cases, pointless Q &amp; A's to submit for these cases, WHICH ARE 20% OF THE GRADE! He gives the answers to these in class (spends the whole lecture doing so). If he likes you, you do well. Otherwise, you're doomed.
Good guy with a dry sense of humor that I happen to find funny. He was more than willing to answer questions in office hours. Can be a bit blunt sometimes if you ask him a question that he thinks is too easy. Lectures sometimes got boring but that is the nature of Accounting.
Callister is the funniest professor I've had at Cornell. He's got a dry sense of humor though, so it doesn't appeal to everyone. This is one of those classes where if you put the work in, you will do well.  Go to class for his examples. They're very helpful. If you think you'll miss some classes, I'd recommend getting Take Note.
Teaches probly the most practical courses in orie - and does it well. Easy class if u go to classes and take notes. Very funny, nice and helpful. Best lecturer in cornell engr.
ENGINEERING ENTREPRENEURSHIP - go to classes. take notes. ask questions and be ready to answer questions. MAKE SURE TO COME UP WITH A CREATIVE BUSINESS PLAN!! dont try to be safe and come up with a mediocre business idea. creativity = guaranteed A
He's good, take his class, you wont regret it. He funny too.
Wonderful. Knows exactly how to deliver information to a class of tired, overwhelmed engineering student. All I had to do was go to class, write down his neatly written and detailed notes, and enjoy his wacky sense of humor. Oh, and do the homework. Class was a piece of cake. First A+ I've ever received in an engineering course, anyway...
Absolutely worst professor had in Cornell. Impatient and not helpful in office hour.Took 2 classes, accounting is easy but asked u to buy a $200 book never used. Entrepreneur is a joke, taught nothing at all. Just because our group didn't go with his idea, he gave us D for every presentation no.  He DOES treat you like dirt if he doesn't like u.
Best Lecturer I've had.  If you go to class you won't need to read the book at all.  Highly recommended.
