Really nice guy overall. The grading is a little tough but getting an A is possible if you study for the exams. Watch the lectures. Also study the study cube guide and practice exams a few days before taking the exam and you should do well.
He's a super nice professor. I think most people are just frustrated over the course work. But as far as professors go, he's an excellent one. He answers emails, which is something that cant be said for many of UCFs teachers. He is very nice and tries to make class interesting. The class is kind of pointless but I dont feel like thats his fault.
It was an easy class to attend and pay attention to and do the fun activities. The hardest part is the videos you have to watch and learn because the test get very specific on these videos and they can be a tad boring.
Professor Cleavenger is a fair professor that indeed will make you work for it but the material is not complicated. The tests are straight from the study guide and a few questions from his video lectures. He is also quite hilarious and cultivating. The people who critique him are the ones who dont take the extra steps to pass.
Thought this class was going to be an easy A, but he really makes you work for it. Study for the tests. Final is comprehensive but he drops your lowest test grade so keep that in mind during the semester.
You get the grade you deserve in this class. Strict on grading, no leeway. Good guy, kind of a BS class.
You would think that this class would be extremely easy, but it isn't. Cleavenger makes everything very complicated, especially his exams. Make sure that you watch his lecture videos that are in the textbook that he wrote and take very detailed notes on them, they will make up the majority of the exam questions. 0/10 recommend.
A class that should be easy is made more difficult with this professor. He changed the grading scale to a 93% with no extra credit, the quizzes being worth 4 points and test worth 200. Your test scores have to be basically perfect to get an "A" in this class.
This class is okay, felt more like a psychology class. The professor has lectures and attendance is mandatory. The chapters are a bit long but the quizzes for each are pretty easy. Exams were a bit confusing because of the wording.
While the material isn't hard to learn, it's very difficult to get the A. You need a 93% in the class or a 91% average across four exams with the quizzes/in-class sessions perfect to get the A. The tests also have video questions that hardly correlate to the material on the exam. Be sure to take notes on every little detail.
Would rather get ran over than have to take this mans class, literally. His way of "teaching" is rather unproductive/useless as the 5 mandatory meetings per semester consists of sitting in a class room listening to him talk... about what you may ask? Well I couldn't tell you cause he's boring and I couldn't retain one piece of info. Tests are hard
Good class. Pay attention to the stories he tells in lectures. Study cube helps a lot too.
Cleavenger is a really nice guy and is understand. Yeah the new reduced seating format sucks, but his class is more about learning and understanding concepts, so its not to bad in this format. Just know and understand the vocab and watch his videos and you'll do good.
In a class that should be extremely easy, Cleavenger manages to over complicate things by telling mundane stories and asking questions on the exams that were a tangent of a tangent that he expects you to connect to a topic all on your own. Essentially, just be prepared to teach yourself and hear some stories.
So here's the breakdown, Professor Cleavenger has his own textbook that he makes you purchase and you need this book. All the quizzes are only accessible through the book's website. You need to watch the lectures as well because test material comes from lectures and the book. It's pretty easy if you keep up with it, just wasn't a fan of his style.
Dr. Clevanger is a good professor. He tells his life's story and try to connect with managment class. He ask lecture questions in the exam, so you have to watch his lectures and take some brife notes. This summer semester was last semster for lecture cepture classes, so i am guessing, i wouldnt be as hard as it was.
He's a really great professor. However, he doesn't teach like any other professor. In fact, he just tells stories the whole class which you have to pay attention to because 15-20% of his tests are based on those stories. You have to read all the chapters and then create a quizlet of all the terms b/c his tests are 98% vocab. Put in effort for an A.
Prof Cleavenger is an overall nice guy who cares about his students and loves his job. He tells way too many stories in class and often gets very off topic but he means well. Watching lectures is a must because 15-20% of each test is lecture specific questions.
OK class overall. You can get an A fairly easy if you study a lot. Make sure to pay attention to his stories... about 20% of the exams come from them. get studycube too.
the class it self its easy, he is very fun and keep you entertain, But you DO have to study, you have to read the boo and concepts other wise you will not pass the class. the material its easy to learn so its not that much.
