He is a tough professor, but he knows the material without question. His lectures are long but very informative. I would only take him online so that way you can review lectures at your leisure when studying for tests and not have to worry about notes in class. The HW is short but intensive, the midterm and final are easy if you know the material.
Class is a complete waste of time, Lyons has taught 467 for so many years, but every class literally feels like he makes it up as he goes. Most of class is spent trying to help him troubleshoot his examples &amp; trying to follow along with him with only a light understanding of the relevance. Classmates are lost and don't know whats going on.
People dislike Lyons b/c they're not used to education outside the U.S. He's got a strict style, and is very picky about the quality of work. Exam questions come straight from the the lecture- take in depth notes and pay attention. Be active in the semester long project just like your personal life - check your email, news and wikis everyday!
The class has A LOT of material, so make sure to review every week in order to prepare for both midterm/final. The final wasn't as bad as the midterm but it is cumulative. I would suggest taking light courses because this class will take a lot of your time. About 6 HWs, and weekly blackboard responses. Prof. Lyons tries his best to help students.
Prof Lyons is better than what I heard and what I thought. Yes, he may seem rude, but that's not true. He is so helpful, and when I asked him, he tried to explain it in details. His exams are hard, but if you pay attention to each single word in his lecture, you gonna pass it with a high grade. I also decided to take another class with him.
This is a confusing class.  He lectures a lot and all of the midterm questions are created from his lecture/videos so pay attention.  First half to midterm is fairly easy.  There is one major group project that lasts the whole semester you will have to be creative, however the requirements are rather ambiguous.  Participate as best you can.
Lyons gets a bad rap but I thought his 366 course was enjoyable. He provides very detailed lectures (sometimes too detailed) but if you pay attention you will learn the material. The exams are more difficult than the study guides entail, but if you take notes during the lecture on what he talks about in relation to the topics, you'll be okay.
Barely learned anything, spent more time troubleshooting his own examples than lecturing. 1 Phrase to summarize this class - Wasted potential
This class revolves around a project that you are given minimal instructions on. Lyons comes into class everyday with his same rude attitude. His lectures barely touch on the syllabus,  the exams are really tough. This class and the instructor serve as a prime example of Mason's lack of consideration for the education they provide to their students
I've really started to not enjoy his lectures. At first I thought he was going to be the best professor I've ever had, and for the most part he's very professional, but he talks about numerous topics that aren't that specific to Security WAY to in depth. He's definitely smart, I just wish he was smart enough to focus on what matters for IT Security
Prof. Lyons knows his stuff. Lectures are of good quality. You will have to work hard to earn the grade you want, nothing is given to you. Very strict on grading for assignments. Fair grader on exams.   IT304 was not his class, he filled in for another professor so things were rough. I'm sure that in his own classes things would go smoother.
Never had him before but had a good experience with his online 366 class. Managed to earn an A and my only advice is to answer every question in the midterm and final study guides and memorize them. That will guarantee you an A
I had heard a couple bad things about him but taking 366 over the summer online with him wasn't bad. It is mainly about self study but his lectures were helpful. He was also accessible via email. My only complaint was that we didn't get any grades back until almost the end of the semester. Know all of the study guides for midterm and final to pass.
One thing that professor Lyons forgets is you need your GPA as much as you need the knowledge. He teaches you well but exams are way tougher than lecture. You wouldn't know whether you are passing or failing untill the end if the semester because he doent post grades. You get the knowledge but with bad GPA. The only C you have will be his classes.
Here are the things you should know about the course and the professor; you cant miss lecture, you should take notes for the entire 3 hours of lecture word by word, group project is 30% and no guidance is provided by the professor, homeworks are concentrated towards the second half. The professor is smart but the course is irrelevant to info-sec.
this class is like trying to smell the number fourteen
This course revolves around a project that makes up the majority of your grade. He provides ZERO instruction or guidance as to what he wants us to do, but expects A-quality work. In addition to that, he is very unapproachable with questions you might have. Lastly, the course is just irrelevant, has no structure, and it just needs to be removed.
Lyons gets a bad rap, but he is just the no non-sense type of professor. His default is treat everyone as a threat to course. But after he has made his direction for the class clear and everyone is on the same page things will improve. His assignments are not given to confuse students, but rather to teach them. His study guides are just everything.
This guy is the prime example of whats wrong with academia. He is rude, opressive, and has no clear understanding/vision of the course. He is more involved in kicking students out of class because they drank out of a water bottle than teaching Information Defense Technologies. When he does, he speaks for two hours about vietman and WWII battles.
What really concerned me are the quizzes he assigned. I felt I answered it correctly but was only given partial or no credit. He can be rude to some students. Most of the homework are easy though.
