He is the best science professor that I have had as a pre-health student. Although class size is huge, he is always willing to help after lecture or during office hours and clearly wants the best for his students. Make sure to review lecture practice problems as well as the ones from the textbook and homeworks.
super easy class (in history of NYU) but apparently only for students taking his class in fall 2018 and spring 2019!!
This class has apparently gotten tougher in recent years but as far as classical physics goes, Andre is a great lecturer. HW and Lab work is a time sink but is good prep for the exams (all multiple choice). Study the HW questions and the in class questions, exams are cake.
He is the best professor. I am glad to have had him for physics because I learned a lot. He is very nice and his office hours are VERY helpful. He even sets up recitation days where he comes in to help his students- very caring. Thankful for such a great professor.
Very boring class and students sleep in his class. If you memorize like a robot you can actually get a good grade. His exams are very easy. You can participate in learning catalytics session from home.
The sweetest man. Makes me love physics. He would do anything to help you understand physics. Really good at explaining things so go meet with him if you are confused.
Professor Adler is *by far* the sweetest, most caring professor I have ever had the privilege of working with. He legit wanted to make my life easier, even when it meant more work for him. Do the assigned problems and you should be more than fine. Professor Adler is incredible! Don't confuse hared of physics with hatred for him..
Professor Adler is very caring and helpful. You can do well if you study and practice!
Your grade is indicative of the effort you put in towards the class. If you go to lecture, keep up with the readings, and do all of the homework you WILL receive an A. However this is easier said than done, as many people in this class will agree with. Adler is a friendly professor and is there to help, but at the end of the day, you must try.
I really thought Physics would be better than hs, but its all the same thing. I really wish I learned something but all I did was memorize since the first exam incentivized memorization over actual learning. Wish i was better at memorizing.
Just do the homework and know how to do the in class problems, there's no reason not to get a high grade in this class
DO NOT TAKE GENERAL PHYSICS UNLESS U HAVE TO! its a painfully boring class that taught me next to nothing. Adler is not a bad instructor but this course is awful and big (500+ students big). I did enjoy the lab component though..
For general physics, just read the textbook, do the homework problems, and there is no reason not to get a high grade. Literally every test problem is taken from some form of homework. If you've ever taken any sort of physics before, it will be very easy. If not, the textbook is more straightforward than the lectures, and you should still be fine.
Many complain that Prof Adler is either too boring or gives exams that are too hard. Attending lecture isn't a necessity since one can participate in the learning catalytics session from home, and the questions on the exams are taken directly from the homework he assigns and from the practice problems seen throughout the text. An A- is v. realistic
Do the work and really no reason for you to not get a good grade.
Such a fair grader, I love him! I definitely don't think this class is an easy A. However as long as you do all of the problems he assigns, and review both the homework and in class problems before each exam, you should be able to get at least an A-. I recommend taking him for sure.
Professor Adler provides many opportunities to learn the material. If you do every practice problem that he provides and you understand the theory behind each answer, getting an A should be no problem. People complain that his tests are difficult, but they are completely fair if you do the practice. He is also super sweet and hilarious in lecture.
Best professor I've ever had! He's really passionate about the subject and truly wants his students to succeed. He's super responsive to emails and will really work with you if you reach out to him.
Imagine you're Jon Snow going against Ramsay Bolton's army without the help of Littlefinger. Yeah, that's what taking his multiple choice exams feel like.
Multiple choice leaves little room for partial credit. His exams are kind of unpredictable, he repeats questions for some and none for others. He should probably record lecture.
