Swim is a great professor overall His tests are pretty challenging overall but fair You need to read the book and the study guides he provides on top of watching his online lectures Nothing really important in the lectures but you have to go take quizzes that are worth 20 percent I would take again but not for those looking for an easy A
Swim is a great lecturer with hard tests. This course definitely requires A LOT of studying, but there is no daily work, so that is all you have to pay attention to. Best advice is don't get behind because its hard to catch up. Didn't really get anything out of going to class but you gotta go for the quizzes. Just read the study guide, not the book
Hard as heck, a very smart guy though. Lots of lectures and you have to go to class in order to actually learn. He is the final boss of Mays.
This was the hardest class I have ever taken, and I'm pretty sure it will be the hardest class I will ever take. He does not seem interested in students doing well and if you ask questions he gets angry. You have to read to do well on the exams and study for days. Memorize minute details that seem unimportant, and you might do well.
test grades were 76,84,71,90 (final idk) and still made an A. Never went to 4.0 &amp; Go! simply read the book, watched ALL the lecture videos (2-3x), used the study guide (CRUCIAL), and used quizlet to help practice vocab and court cases. Go in after every test and see what you did wrong bc you WILL see those ?s again on the final. KEEP UP W THE CLASS
This class has quite the reputation and definitely deserves it. My strategy for this class was to first take notes over his transcript lectures and then go through the textbook, making flashcards from both my notes and the textbook material. Using this strategy I was able to make 95, 94, 90, 74 on exams. Space out the work and DO NOT FALL BEHIND!!
Swim is a very knowledgable prof but also very hard. Tests are made to make you really think and trip you up. There are weekly quizzes that he gives 8-10 minutes for. Passing this class is very attainable as I got a 72, 73, 74 and 80 on the tests but ended with a B in the class.
Not the right professor to be teaching an intro course. Is knowledgeable in the material, but terrible teaching it and very jerkish. Tests are very specific and the only way of passing is memorizing the textbook (with multiple errors and false answers). The quizzes are 35 questions in 8 minutes. Our test avg was 52 each time. I had a 4.0 prior
Swim is a good man, a good Aggie, and a strong Professor. Class isn't mandatory but you need to go to take a quiz. He gets a bad rap for being tough, but if you LISTEN TO LECTURES, DO THE BOOK STUDY GUIDE, and really put in the proper amount of work, you can get an A (or high B). The business info is truly valuable; work hard and you'll be okay.
Swim's class is very difficult. I enjoyed it, but it's easily the hardest class I've ever taken. You need to go to class and also watch his lectures online, read the book, and his study guide, and review your notes constantly. Most of his test questions are "a and b" "b and c" "all of the above" "none of the above".
Just no. I ended up dropping this class. Overall, he is a good professor but this class requires a ton of work. Do not take this class if you already have a heavy course load.
Swim's class is tough and requires a lot of work outside of class, but it's doable. Bring the study guide to class &amp; add lecture notes to it &amp; listen to online lectures as much as possible. Read over your notes frequently and don't get behind. Tests are very detailed. Swim is very helpful in office hours and cares about students so get to know him!
Keith Swim's class is by FAR the hardest class I've ever taken in my life. I q-dropped the class right before the deadline because there was no way to pass, even though I studied SO much for each tests. DONT TAKE WITH HIM IF YOU CAN AVOID IT. He's a great professor and really cares about his students, but the class is so unbelievably hard.
Swim's class is definitely tough but I think is a super awesome guy who really cares about the materials. You have to go class to take quizzes that are pretty necessary to pass the class and I did the study guide and reading to get ready for the test. But he curves the class and each test. I got C's and D's on the test and made a B in the class.
Swim isn't a bad guy, his class is just super tough. You will read pretty much the whole textbook so get going on it now. Study A LOT for the exams and you'll do alright. It really just takes a lot of your time and even more effort.
He's not nearly as bad as people say. I got a high B and this class is what made me realize I wanted to go to law school. It's HARD, no doubt about it, but if you read the book, go to class, and actively try to understand the material, you'll be fine. You just can't expect to do half the work and get a good grade. You just have to put in the work.
Swim is tough, no sugar coating it. I got a B in my second try taking this class and this is easily a top 3 toughest class ive ever taken. You must read the textbook cover to cover and attend all lectures because he randomly assigns pop quizzes. However he does curve the class after the Q drop deadline.
Okay, so this course and professor is awful. In all honesty, if you are able to you should transfer this course from Blinn. His lectures and the textbook (that he wrote) do not correlate with the exam questions, they just kind of focus on the same BROAD ideas. Basically, to do well you must devote your life to his course. Good Luck lol
Swim is exactly what his reputation made me think he was- a great prof that teaches a really challenging class. Go to every class, read the textbook cover to cover, rewatch his lectures, &amp; do the questions in the study guide. 4.0 really helped. Very tough class, but it was interesting. Go to office hours &amp; get to know him &amp; he'll probably curve you
This class requires lots of reading and note taking by yourself since it is a lot of content and we had lectures once a week only. We had tricky T/F quizzes every class. Tests were multiple choice, but hard. Course based only on quizzes, 4 tests and a cumulative final.
