Uncle Steve speaks very good English, and his class is extremely difficult. I took his class in 2004 (Cell Bio), and it is my honor to take his class. He got a Stanford MD/PhD!
He's a great teacher although he makes you really work for it. I could tell from the beginning he is very smart.
Hottie OMG, his criticizm was like water to a parched soul.
Biophysics - The best (and the hardest) class ever! It teaches you to live! And Kron is AMAZING
never lectured, but that was part of the point. he wanted us to do it on our own. he's a great motivator, and he would always help outside of class. he encouraged creativity, challenging authority, and cutting corners if it worked better than doing things by the book. steve taught us attitude, we taught ourselves bio. i liked the man.
KRON IS WONDERFUL! HIS BIOPHYSICS CLASS WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!!
very smart and interesting, but not human &amp; respectable. no nobel
cares deeply about his students.  the sour grapes folks should try a little harder to connect.  if you don't want a hard class, don't take an honors bio course!  wait til they get to biochem!
besides the one person (who wrote the four comments above, murazaka) every body in mol bio 2 likes steve besids his impecably lazy ways
This guy doesn't deserve the air it takes for him to exhale the biggest waste of lecture time I've ever been to.  If it were 100 years ago, this man would be tarred, feathered, and hanged.  One can only dream...
Kron was horrible. His lectures and notes for them couldn't have been more unclear and unhelpful. Furthermore, he kept reiterating how stupid we were because we couldn't understand the concepts through his jibberish.
Wait, Steve Kron *lectured*? Wow, that's a first. In Mol Bio 2, he did not teach at all, relying instead on his "TA's" who were students who took his class last year. Kron's job was, of course, to tell us from the first day how little we kne
uterly inchoherent jiberish, other than that he was succesful at confusing me
He's like James Joyce, only if he were a geneticist.  Completely full of himself and his lectures are streams of consciousness with no coherence whatsoever.
