He is a great professor, really knows everything about anthropology and is very passionate about it. Very lecture heavy and showing up for class is your best bet!
Dr. Ross was by far the best professor I have had since I transferred to the U of M. The class was pretty intense since I'd never had an Anthropology class before, but it was bearable. Also please DO NOT SKIP CLASS! Missing one class period is equivalent to missing a whole week of lectures in my opinion. I would definitely take him again!
His class is challenging but his lectures are very engaging. He's really a stand up professor,I'd highly recommend him!
He's always enthusiastic, funny, and tries to keep the lectures interesting. A "study guide" is provided before each tests, which mentions the topics on the test and it makes things a whole lot easier. However, the lectures are heavy and there are only 3 (really hard) tests, so you don't want to miss classes! Definitely recommend him!
We were asked to read from the book for more information, but that's it. He is a real funny guy, but the tests are just naturally hard. Come on. Its fossils and dirt, its going to be a little challenging. But hey, at least pick a teacher that has a lot of charisma and enthusiasm! 10/10 rating!
Truly cares about anthropology. Great personality! Tests are hard so be sure to study!!
I loved this class so much and really enjoyed the teacher he made everything really interesting and he was very friendly and funny. The key to passing is just paying attention and studying the study guides everything is very clean cut and clear in this class!
Dr. Sackett is great! He really cares about this class and his lectures for this class are never boring! He goes the extra mile to help you understand it and make it interesting. However, you need to go to class to pass period.... Just study his lectures, study guide topics, and make flash cards and you will do fine.
Sackett is one of my favorite professors of all time and one of the best at the U of M.  He is incredibly knowledgeable and his lectures are very interesting. He has so much passion and excitement in what he does. If you go to class, take notes and study, you will do well. Highly recommend! Never missed a class because it was so interesting!
THE BEST OF THE BEST I LIKE HIM SO SO SO MUCH, HE IS VERY NICE . ALWAYS SMILING, HE KNOWS WHAT HIS DOING VERY SMART I ENJOYED HIS CLASS.
Great professor and a great advisor to boot. Really good at making confusing topics exciting.
He's an amazing professor and is easily in my top five. His lectures are heavy, but if you pay attention, read the assignments, and go over your notes you'll pass. He has definitely influenced me into considering to being an ANTH major. He really cares about teaching and is enthusiastic about doing so. Not much homework is assigned either.
Great teacher. Lectures were long. Take really good notes and study ALOT for the tests. The class is not bad though, I enjoyed it. A couple of homework assignments in the first two weeks of class, but that's it.
AWESOME!! One of my favorite professors of being here for 4 years at Memphis. I highly recommend taking this class. You won't want to miss because the info is so interesting! Study the study guide, go to class, take notes and you will pass!
This is the man who convinced me to major in Anthropology over subjects I thought I was more interested in. His love for the subject shows in every lecture - even when he's sick, he's animated and engaging. I don't think he knows how much of an impact he had on me, as I wasn't an ANTH major, but he changed my life irreversibly for the better.
He is a great professor who makes class interesting. However, if you aren't interested in Anthropology it will be easy to zone out during class.  If you do not read the chapters in the book and listen to his lectures then you will not pass the tests. He talks  really fast so I decided to buy a recorder to listen to the lectures later.
One of the best professors ever. Wants you to pass but Anthropology is not an easy topic. It does require work and studying. Not an easy A but I would take the class just because of Sackett. It is still very possible to pass the class with a good grade. ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT Miss more than 4 days, your grade is affected. Miss 9 days and fail.
I would recommend everyone from any major to take this class! He is the most enthusiastic &amp; inspiring teacher I've ever had. He is a really really smart guy &amp; is FULL of interesting stories. The subject matter is easy to understand he puts his all into.  This class changes how you look at life and challenges what you think you know about evolution.
He says this on the first day, but if you go to class and take a lot of notes, you will have an easier time in the class. His lectures are lengthy, but very informative. Three tests that include stuff from lectures and the book. Loved this class.
Sackett is  interesting, true enough but being interesting is not going to help you pass his class; he assigns three hard exams that covers extremely long lectures. he gives grading curve but its not as  effective;he assigns no extra credit
