Professor Rectenwald was by far my favorite teacher of my first semester at NYU. He inspired my fellow classmates and myself to think outside of the box. His grading criteria is explained and extremely fair. He is very understanding and in the end wants each student to learn. Love him and glad to have him again next semester.
Professor Rec is such an Angel. Always hold class on Google handout when you don't want to go to class. TAKE HIM IF YOU WANT TO HAVE CLASS ON THE INTERNET. Just turn off the camera and microphone and enjoy his smile. Homework is basically some interesting readings and it's fine if you don't read them at all.
Dr. Rec is truly an amazing prof. I've never had another teacher who meets with each student individually and gives line by line feedback on their essays before they're due. Most of my profs won't even read my essays let alone give feedback. I feel like my writing did genuinely improve under his instruction.
Terrible.
If you're thinking of the MCC major take him! Great dude, super intelligent but sort of crazy. He does class online via google hangouts sometimes. I loved the readings but they can be long and difficult. A blog is due every couple of weeks, theres about 4-5 papers but he allows you to meet with him and he will give you feedback and he's easy grader
Very rigorous, and even more engaging. Highly sympathetic to personal issues, great guy all around. Always the most interesting and carefully chosen material to read and write about, and he manages to sprinkle humor into our discussions. Never mind being the best professor in LS, Rectenwald might be the best prof. at NYU.
Extremely rewarding writing class that has changed my entire academic career. Would not have made it w/o mike
Dr. Rec is without a doubt one of my favorite professors at NYU. Even if you disagree with his views (Like most of the class) you simply must admire him for being so understanding and helpful. He is flexible, gives out extensions, and his focus is teaching how technology has affected our society, with many dense, but enlightening readings. Worth it
Dr. Rec is a great professor. He cares about his students, is always available to give feedback, and is very lenient about deadlines and grading. You don't necessarily have to come to class, but I would because I would leave mind-blown pretty often. Not your conventional writing class, but I liked that a lot.
Dr. Rectenwald will physically edit your first drafts with you and he is very caring towards his students. He has pretty lenient deadlines. He's a great writing professor because he encourages you to open your mind about modern topics. His grading is pretty easygoing and he doesn't give below a B plus if you try. Take him. He is awesome. .
This guy is brave, inspirational, and honest. So many professors have adopted a singular idea and are unwilling to speak their mind.  Rechtenwald is different.  I encourage anyone who values critical thinking to study under him.
LOVE HIM! Take him if you have the chance to! He's a really inspiring professor especially for writing. The topic for essays is basically technology. He loves technology and everything is electronic (except text book). Dont really have to work if you really dont want to,  but I highly recommend to take his class seriously because its really helpful
DrRec is the reason I signed up for Rate My Professors because I really love him as my writing professor. He is a mad genius type of person and teaches a lot other than writing skills. He once reproduced the class for me because I missed the class. He's very responsible and definitely knows perfectly about what he's teaching.
Dr. Rec is fantastic. Know that he focuses on 'academic writing'- contemparary topics opposed to creative writing (this actually helps a lot for other classes). If not doing poetry like some of your friends are is okay with you, he's an unregretable choice. Manageable and clear workload. If you do what he asks and try, you'll get a great grade too
Simply put, Rec is a genius, and onto something, just does not necessarily know how to make it more difficult.  Does not make him a bad professor, actually he's amazing, but his class is definitely not the hardest Ive ever taken...
Eclectic, mad-genius type of guy. The papers he assign may be long and sometimes dry, but the in-class discussions are amazing. DONT BE AFRAID TO TALK! This is a good class to just open up and bounce around ideas. Not really a writing class, since you have so much creative liberty. Take this class just to become a smarter person.
Professor Rectenwald is the coolest writing instructor I've ever met!
This professor was very kind throughout the entire semester, he was very clear about expectations. The class was not easy, but was very interesting. The professor only choice topics that he knew would interest students, and students opinions were more than welcomed.  I would recommend that anyone considering taking Writing 1 take this class.
Professor Rectenwald and his course are absolutely amazing.  You read about engaging and modern topics which make you think hard and want to dig deeper.  Our "roundtable" in-class discussions are open and stimulating.  Writing assignments require thought and allow much freedom of content.  By far the best prof and course I've ever had.  TAKE HIM.
Dr. Rectenwald introduced a lot of information about modern life dealing with technology which taught me a lot and was a nice break from all the ancient text common in the other freshman required courses. You have to do the homework and reading to understand and pass the class but it was worth it cause the material was actually interesting.
