Loved this professor's class. Really funny, interesting material, and an extremely generous grading curve- it is literally impossible to fail this class. You do need to come to class, since all prelim material is covered in class and there is no textbook. Would recommend for anyone.
What people say about his lectures are true. I came here to warn you-- don't bother with the textbook. His mechanisms contradict with the textbook's (and every other online source for that matter) and he docks points for drawing alternative (but correct) mechanisms. He basically lives in his own world of chemistry. Good luck with this class.
Go to Class! All tests are based entirely on the lecture notes &amp; the class grade entirely off of 2 prelims &amp; a final. Overall I just showed up to class, PAID ATTENTION, studied maybe 1-2hr for each prelim, &amp; got an A- w curve. Professor Ruttledge is super passionate &amp; really really nice. Does his best to make the material less dense. Fav prof. LOVE
PRAY TO GOD NOT TO GET THIS PROFESSOR EVER AGAIN!!!!
Makes a 2 credit intro organic chemistry lab course way more work than it needs to be. Felt like lectures were always behind schedule and that there was a huge discontinuity between what was going on during the lab sections and what was going on in class. I don't care what you did in Ghana or Paris, I care about learning the material.
Omg i love this professor!!! I wish more professors had his intense personality. For some reason the way he teaches boosted my confidence a lot. He makes things so clear and straightforward and I don't feel dumb. Not at all arrogant. I felt alive and happy in his class. Better experience with him than the other chemistry professors.
I did not enjoy this class at all. If you're not a solid chem student, Professor Rutledge will make you feel like an idiot. He is very arrogant. I personally did not like his teaching style at all. He can be funny, but he is full of himself. I do not recommend at all.
On the first lecture, Tom will have a pep talk on how to do well in the class, office hours. A good amount of people show up to his first few but only a handful end up going regularly. Be one of those few that go consistently, it's a great way to stay on top of the material, and he is the nicest most sincere person who will make sure you learn orgo
I had Tom for CHEM 2510 and CHEM 3580 in the same semester. He teaches the material very clearly, but sometimes digresses to tell you about his latest trip to Paris or tell you a joke about his mom. However, I think he does that to keep your attention. He will test you on conceptual knowledge and not memorization. Overall, he was a great professor.
Hard professor. Exams had little to do with that he talked about in class. Had to teach myself everything. Had little to no respect for his students.
Enthusiastic orgo professor who loves soap and telling jokes during class. He should have been a comedian as a side career. Overall difficult class but I felt like I learned a lot despite mixed reviews from other students. His exams were designed for less memorization and more for challenging student's knowledge and giving them novel problems.
Tom does not believe in easy. He wants student to work hard for their grade, and it shows. He tries to help student by being tough but sometimes it backfires. The grading of the class rests on the TA mostly. Don't worry about the practical because there will be a review session and lots of extra help. It is also helpful to take 3580 for the final.
I really thought I'd be the last person to like organic chemistry, but Tom made me love it. He's brilliant, funny, engaging, and loves to teach. He's so passionate about all things, and I loved his tangents about travel and politics. I used the think I wasn't capable in science until Tom taught it the way it should be taught. Difficult but worth it
Engaging lecturer. Practical and final exam were very difficult, but reasonable. I appreciated the focus on understanding WHY rather than pure memorization of the material. I found office hours helpful, though he makes you work for answers. I feel like he really cares about students and their success, but certainly wants to challenge them.
This man gives good exams that actually test your understanding of the material rather than regurgitating exams from past years. In reality there are only a handful of mechanisms he can ask, so it shouldn't be an issue for someone who's taken 2 semesters of orgo already. If you've only taken 3570 then it's a little extra work but pays off in 3580.
Everything was fine until the final. There isn't really a textbook so if you skip the lectures and miss the mechanisms you're screwed. He likes to hear himself talk but he can be pretty funny. TAs are chill and just as frustrated with Tom as students were. Office hours were not too helpful, he didn't seem to want to give any straight answers.
He is one of the worst professors I have ever had.
It is absolute that you have to take this course after taking 2510 or otherwise you will suffer from two lab periods week and more challenging labs. But still 3010 was much more fun than 2510. Less competitive and relaxed atmosphere with much more interesting and engaging experiments. More skilled TAs and less people in the lab.
Annoying. Not necessary to have both a lab practical and a final but regardless neither of them were too difficult.
Dr. Ruttledge is extremely self-absorbed, which bothered me on a personal level. HOWEVER, he does give engaging lectures, and he knows his stuff. Lab practical will make you poo yourself because its somewhat out of your control. Final is not that hard if you actually study the lab mechanisms. I got an A on it and I'm an avgbelow avg chem student
