Great teacher. We had to write a lot, but you get used to it.
If you are not a hard worker, you will not perform well in the course. There are a ton of cases, and they actually are pretty intellectually challenging. Perez himself is incredibly smart, but you really have to attentively listen to him to understand the depth of his lectures. I highly recommend participating as much as you can in this course.
The weekly cases (sometimes 2 or 3 a week) can make the class seem so long. Study the previous lecture for the quizzes. Lecture heavy. The final group presentation project isnt bad, just have to have an understanding of the case. Not a bad class overall, can be on your laptop.
At the end of the semester, he even refused to tell you your overall score, such as participation grade. Even though he taught nothing in class, he is a very tough grader, and cares nothing about the students' feeling. This is the worst experience that I have ever had in Cornell. Cornell really should find another prof.
Professor Perez radiates passion and vigour. He inspires his students to think analytically about business cases. He entertains as well as teaches, and often jumps vigorously on and off tables in a melodramatic fashion. One learns a lot from his classes. A great professor but one who may not always give his undivided attention to his students.
Prof. Perez enjoys what he lectures and tries to make seemingly-superficial material relevant. The course was somewhat disorganized, but Perez was very accommodating. As long as you do all the work, the class should be fine.
Took this class on a Friday afternoon for about 2 hours. Fantastic discussions regarding ethics and a bit of philosophy with interesting cases. Graded on reflections which are fairly short.
The majority of my work that semester was from his class (case studies and 2 large projects). The quizzes were literally impossible, and reading the chapters they were supposedly based on didn't help. However I  managed to get an A in the class so looking back I'm okay with it. Take advantage of all extra credit and try to participate in class.
You do not really learn that much in lecture, and the quizzes in class can be tough, but overall everyone does well and it is a great first business class at the Dyson School.
One legit question on a quiz he gave us is "Is quality expensive?" (Answer was somehow 'false') Studying for the many tests is almost useless since he will ask the most arbitrary irrelevant questions just to make sure no one gets 100. He's pretty passionate/animated about his subject, but it gets in the way of letting the lectures be clear.
Smart guy but very unclear in what he expects for assignments.
Overall a fine class, but the information presented is utterly irrelevant. My biggest and probably only problem with this class is that he doesn't tell you what he wants and relies too much on the TA's who don't really help at all. But bottom line, as long as you show up you're pretty much guaranteed a B.
Pedro's class is not very straightforward in terms of his expectations or material that is covered. That being said, I did poorly on my prelims, but still ended up with a good grade because I went to class and got all of the extra credit opportunities. Not a great class experience while you're in it but you will be surprised with your grade
Pedro is a a below average professor. His lectures are incoherent, and the class provides you with such minimal information about different areas of business that I left each class without having learned much. His teaching assistants grade unfairly at times and are not the nicest people. I was not impressed or happy with this class or professor.
easy A+ as it is
Get an easier TA! Quizzes are often a surprise, mostly based off of power points, that at times doesn't make complete sense. Participation is needed but pointless as the same idiotic loud students take over the discussions.
The quizzes were, at times, very arbitrary. Perez lacks organization in his lectures at times. The TA grading is subjective and Perez often has mood swings. He is a nice guy though; he will answer questions after class. This class requires a significant time commitment. Make sure to spend a lot of time on the final project.
Horribly confusing tests, useless class, a complete waste of time. Do not take AEM 1200 unless you have to.
Can't stand him
He is extremely passionate about his subject.  His quizzes are fairly difficult, especially if you don't read the textbook.  Also, TA grading can be fairly subjective.  I highly recommend going to TA office hours to talk about cases.  Overall a great and informative class!  Pedro knows a lot and is willing to share if you speak with him.
