Pedigo is the worst professor I've had at UW. The whole intro series is a mess to be frank. He makes relatively simple concepts much more complicated then they need to be. When he does do an example in lecture he rushes through and then gives like 5 clicker questions a class so you really do have to learn the material your own. Exam averages in 50s
Overall, I thought Professor Pedigo was a fine instructor for a difficult class. He kept lectures entertaining and the lectures supplemented the required readings. This is definitely a class that requires a lot of effort for a good grade. My primary complaints are that lectures were not well timed and relied too heavily on clicker questions.
Phy 121 is tough in generally but Pedigo made it hell for sure. Hardest class I've taken without a doubt. The test averages were ridiculously lower. i thought I was going to fail the class but the average GPA was over a 3.0 so I ended up with a average grade. Just glad I made it.
Be ready to teach yourself:)
Really tough grader. All the exams are hard. Think carefully before taking this class.
This is one of the only professors I have ever actually disliked. He was quite arrogant and rude when I tried talking with him. As others have already stated, most of the classes are clicker questions, so the class pretty much consists of self learning with challenging tests. Not an inspirational course, and a very poor use of one's time.
Took Physics 121 my first quarter at UW and this professor made it one of the hardest classes I have ever taken. His exams are extremely difficult and the exam averages are around 50%
He is a mediocre physics professor, he started the quarter strong with interactive lectures and worksheets but got worse as the quarter went on. He lectures assuming everyone has done the reading which results in a lot of people being lost. However, if you do the reading, his lectures and examples help a lot with understanding the material.
Pedigo is the type of person you would crack open a cold one with, but he isn't the type of person you want as a physics professor. Lectures weren't super helpful because most of the time is allocated to clickers and the course overall was disorganized.
Disrespectful, NO practices tests, unnecessarily difficult, and basically ONLY does learning catalytic all class. Do you want a good grade, heard 123 is easier? Yeeeah, not with Pedigo. Take with another teacher if you want to recover from 122 and actually learn a thing or two. 3, 2, 1, BOOM!
He's the hardest professor I've ever had. Lectures are okay but his exams were the worst. Exam questions were calculator heavy and his averages are typically 45-65%. I highly recommend taking ANY other professor other than Pedigo. Also, he pronounces KAI-netic energy.
Sorry No Pedigo again. He will not explain any calculations for you. Just give you the formula, and then boom you get the answer. How could you get the answer? We don't know
Daryl Pedigo is very passionate about physics. He would catch his breath during lecture because he couldn't stop talking about it but it's difficult to follow him if you don't already have the foundation that he has. If you want a decent grade from this class be prepared to learn from the textbook and attend lecture for the participation points.
He took major heat for not giving out practice exams, but I don't think he was trying to screw us over. He lectures are horribly planned, he always rushes at the end. Actually every lecture was like that. You would think a guy as smart as Pedigo would learn from his mistakes, but nope. 3..2..1... and BOOM!
I love his lecture. HE's a SUCH AMAZING PROFESSOR. HE makes everything so clear. As long as you go to lectures, he will make sure you pass the exams.
Speaks quietly, hates explaining, and gets annoyed when students ask questions. Test averages in his class are usually extremely low, because no one has much idea about what's going on. Doesn't provide good study material, and his lecture slides aren't very helpful. Study from the textbook and try to avoid him at all cost.
Still salty about Physics so came back to rate him after 1 year. Horrible class by itself but Pedigo does not make it any better.
I am simply traumatized by Darly Pedigo and physics. I think he is very enthusiastic and he seems very knowledgeable but his teaching sucks. It's difficult to hear him most of the times because his voice is so soft-spoken and he goes by slides so fast during lecture I thought they were gifs. Unless you already know all the material do not take
Would've rated him 4/5 but he says kinetic energy KYE-netic SO.
He is not very engaging, lectures feel rushed, and he expects you to learn the material from the textbook on your own. I'm torn on attendance because there were clicker questions but they were heavily curved and lectures were pointless overviews. Pulls questions for tests from the unassigned problems in the book so do those if you have time.
