I'd like to respond to the one negative review someone posted about this instructor. Ben does give credit if you attempted the homework but he reviews it in depth the following class so that everybody understands it. He is always available to give feedback on problems when asked. Your effort in this class will determine your grade as with any class
during the entirety of the term Ben gave credit for homework but did not actually review it. i could have just drawn a stickfigure for each problem and i probably would have still received full credit. which i regret not doing. to put it simply you will not learn as much and will be far less prepared for future courses if you choose this teacher.
a great teacher
Ben was an amazing teacher and I really did enjoy his class. Ben taught at a good pace for everybody to understand what was happening. As long as you turn something in for the homework you will get full credit. Ben also assigns test-prep problems and if you do them you should have no problem on the test. He is very clear about what he wants
He is helpful, respectful, kind, cares about his students understanding. The most part I liked about him is that he gives you what is expected in all his exams so no need to be under pressure. If you have any questions he opens his office to you. In my opinion, if every teacher does his way, students can understand the course &amp; get great grades
Ben is a great and funny professor for a very difficult and math-savy course. If you want to do well in Calc III, I would definitely recommend taking this course with him. He is a very fair grader but it might take awhile to get back your test grades due to being very busy and grading for a big class. ATTENDANCE is mandatory for his class.
This is one of the best math classes I've ever taken. Ben speaks clearly and his notes on the board are easy to follow. He is not afraid to answer questions about the material in and out of class. The homework is not awful and we spend time each week going over problems from the homework. Over all he is a nice guy who can give an engaging lecture.
He was an engaging and amusing professor. Made the course material understandable and interesting. Was patient and easy to talk to or ask questions of.
Ben is super caring and helpful. He spends a lot of energy making sure everyone in the class understands the material- as long as your vocal about it when you need to go over something again. As long as you are willing to participate in class, it's he's a great person to learn Calculus from.
I took Mth 253 - Calc III with this instructor. If you do the homework problems and attend class you will do really well in this course. The exams pull material from homework and lectures and are problems you've had opportunities to work through. The instructor allows a note sheet on exams which takes the pressure off of memorization.
Ben is wonderful educator. He works hard for his students and expects the same from them. He is funny, unassuming, and very knowledgeable. His lecture are inspired and delivered with his natural charm. He is well-loved.
Ben is a nice man.
Ben was a good fair teacher. He expected all to participate, be present in class, and know your material for his tests. He was a good grader and if you tried in his class you will do well.
He's a good teacher. The exams reviews before the tests are very clear and if you study them you will for sure pass. Would take future classes with this teacher. Attendance is required and a big part of the grade, so you just have to show up.
Ben is a great guy, cares for each and every student and makes that clear from day one. Very accessible. He is a very funny guy.
Ben rules. He cares deeply about the progress of his students. He's kind of awkward and is always making hilarious jokes and encouraging a back and forth between students. I think it would be good to get more feedback on homework, but his study guides are really detailed so that kind of makes up for it.
Ben is awesome. Great guy, knows his calculus. Extremely reasonable. Treats students like human beings. Tests are easy, homework is graded on completion. Go to class, do the homework, study the review problems for the test, you'll do fine.
I've been at PSU for a few years now and I've never came across an instructor as good as Ben. He cares enough to know everyone's name by the first week of the class and he makes sure that everyone understands the material that he is teaching. This is the 1st time I genuinely enjoyed a math class lol. If you get the chance to take him then do it!
Ben is a calming presence in a sea of chaos. I feel lecture was more concept based and didn't get into enough detail. This leaves you having to do extra work outside of class. That said, this course is where the book wanders in coverage. He has a VERY dry sense of humor and is someone who helps you get comfortable with Calculus. Try Ben!
He is a fair and pretty laid back professor!
