I never opened the textbook and I was successful in his class because I attended all of them all! (His tests are based on his lectures: sit in the front, take good notes and enjoy!) Professor Nelson is amazingly smart and knowledgeable as well as kind. He explains hard concepts very clearly. I highly recommend taking this class from him!
Dr. Nelson is the BEST! I had him for SFL 200 (Eternal Family) and absolutely loved the class! I took human development from him last year and both classes were absolutely phenomenal! Eternal Family is a lot easier grade-wise and most of your grade comes from attendance and reading. His lectures are life-changing!
You cannot take Professor Nelson's class and not go to his lectures! He has amazing lectures that make you think and keep you engaged. You do want to prepare by doing the readings before the lecture so you can better understand what he talks about.
I love Larry Nelson. He is SUCH an incredible teacher if you put in your part. Beware that your grade is based only on 4 tests and 3 papers. They aren't very difficult, but he does not curve so you can't slack off. Start working on the papers a few weeks early. I didn't ever read the textbook except when doing study guides. I LOVE THIS CLASS.
Larry Nelson is incredible! His Human Development class was so enjoyable!! Lecture attendance is extremely important, but he is a great lecturer, you'll want to attend!
I absolutely loved this class. Professor Nelson is AMAZING. I left every class mind blown and inspired. I definitely plan on taking another class from him and 100% recommend taking his SFL 210 class. Our grades consisted of 3 papers and 4 exams. Make sure you take time on the papers and study for the exams and you will do just fine.
Larry gives amazing lectures and handles tough topics really well. He wants you to do well. I would take his class again. I was slightly disappointed by how vague the test review paper was in comparison to the actual test. Some of his TAs grade papers leniently and some will tank your grade for minor details. Take the papers seriously. Great class!
Dr. Nelson is without a doubt the best professor I've ever had at BYU. Take this class and you will not regret it! He handles even the most difficult subjects with compassion and openness. Don't be afraid of the extra credit hour, it doesn't add much work (I've had harder 2-credit religion classes) but adds a lot to the experience. TAKE THIS CLASS
I LOVE LARRY NELSON! No joke, this man is amazing and if you leave BYU without taking one of his classes, you have failed yourself. The material in this course is FASCINATING and applicable to everyone of every major. Such a strong spirit in this class; I cried about half of the time. Please please do yourself a favor and take this class!!
Dr. Nelson gets SO much hype, so I was really looking forward to taking his class. I was sadly let down. His tests make you APPLY what you learn, which was tricky for me. Take notes in class. TA's are really only helpful for the papers. They do not hold reviews before tests. Also the study guide he offers for tests are vague and leave you guessing.
This was my first semester at BYU so I'm a little biased when I say that Larry Nelson was the best professor I've had. There are a lot of readings for the class but I just followed the study guides when reading and it made it go faster. His lectures are PHENOMENAL! I think anyone who wants to be a parent one day should be required to take his class
Larry Nelson is AMAZING. His lectures are phenomenal; he is able to explain material in a hilarious yet clear way with many examples. He cares so deeply about what he is teaching and he loves all of his students. There are three papers (go to the TA paper reviews and you'll get an A pretty easily) and four tests (clear study guides) in the semester
Dr. Larry Nelson is amazing! His lectures are so interesting, and the material is really enjoyable. As long as you go to lectures and do readings, its an easy class. One of the best professors out there!!
Larry Nelson is an AMAZING professor. This course is a perfect workload and his assignments are made to enhance your understanding. He is so inspirational and teaches his class with such passion. He loves what he does and is so genuine and authentic. I am not exaggerating when I say it that changed my life Do everything you can to take this class.
He is a great teacher, if you are taking human development, he is your best option when selecting a professor.
I loved this class. Dr. Nelson is one of my favorite professors. His lectures were always inspiring and I learned so much over the course of the semester. I wish everyone was required to take a class from him.
Awesome
Larry Nelson is one of the loves of my life and his lectures are incredibly inspirational and edifying!! He conveys information clearly and is passionate about his work. He is honestly the best professor I've ever had - is really funny, extremely qualified, straightforward, spiritual, and a wonderful deep and critical thinker.
Oh my gosh. I LOVED PROFESSOR NELSON! People were in tears almost every class period because of how inspirational he is, he's sooo passionate about what he teaches. His study guides are very direct, so if you study, you can easily get an A in this class. I learned so much from him. Open to questions, very helpful.
IF YOU DO NOTHING ELSE AT BYU TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!! Dr. Nelson is the greatest professor and human and his class is AMAZING!!! I never left class without feeling totally inspired and with a totally new and incredible perspective on life. Lots of reading, but you'll be ok if you just look at key words, etc. Use TAs for papers. Tests aren't too bad.
