If you want to take statistics, take him!! His lectures are amazing and you will learn if you listen to him. His tests are pretty easy if you study the materials he covered and the recitation class is also helpful as well.
The exam was very hard and unfair,Homework is worth only 2 point,He forced us to memorize formula, and what each sign meant,What worse is, he didn't tell us in class which one we had to memorize,Even if half part is open book, it is very hard, Doesn't give enough example in class, You only have 2 exam and 1 final, do bad on 1 and you failed
All of the notes are online, and the tests are half open note. The online notes can be confusing, so make sure to watch the examples during lecture, but it's also safe to skip lectures. Definitely do the homework, it usually takes a few hours but you have a week to do it and it is really similar to test problems.
Interesting teaching and lecture style but notes are very clear and posted online. He's pretty chill. Homework is due once a week but it's direct and follows the lectures.
Lectures aren't necessary if you have experience with statistics, yet they are enjoyable - he is easy to listen to and has a good sense of humor. There are 2 midterm exams and a final, so the grades are relatively test-heavy. Homework is very straightforward and provides a nice cushion to your grade. Overall, would recommend.
Amazing guy! Lectures were funny, but not mandatory if you've had experience w stats before. First exam was wonky-didn't know what to expect. Got a 97.5 on the final- very good teacher. love his website. R program a little difficult-recit is mandatory. homework needs to be printed for recitation. notes he writes in class are okish, online better
He is honestly one of the best professors I've had at Mason so far. I HATE SCIENCE but he made this class really interesting and bearable. He also posts notes but you need to attend the lectures to get the full feel for them. His pop quizzes are HILARIOUS and super easy! He will keep you till class ends but he does give a 10 minute break in between
This is my guy. Awesome class, lectures are a little boring but its def worth going to, pay attention and you will do well and learn everything you'll need. Awesome notes to read before tests. Overall great guy, super nice and friendly. Would absolutely take him again if I could
Dr. Laemmerzahl is an amazing professor! His class is very straightforward, so if you do the work there's no way you won't succeed. His notes are easy to follow &amp; he explains things thoroughly. Definitely take him!
Professor Laemmerzahl is great at explaining things, your only grades are from the easiest pop quizzes (write your name on a piece of paper) and 3 exams. He posts previous exams which are pretty similar to the actual as well as all of his notes. He is a solid choice if you are not that great at Bio because he makes things easy to understand.
Nice guy, can get a little off topic and sometimes won't go over something because it's "too difficult" but he's a pretty good teacher, definitely cares about biology. Attendance isn't technically mandatory but sometimes he gives super easy pop quizzes, where you'll like have to write your name or answer questions on stuff you just went over.
Very easy class and professor. 3 exams (lowest dropped), no textbook, one 1 page paper (not formal at all), and one final presentation. This course is the synthesis course so I would choose this one for an easy A. His notes are simple, typed up like an outline and uses those to make the exams. Memorize notes, pass test. Kind of boring dude, but hey
One of the best teacher at GMU! Take his class, you won't regret it! His lectures are very helpful, you don't need a textbook.
Honestly, an amazing professor! Would recommend. Just come to class and do the homework, the tests couldn't be easier.
Ardnt's cool. Has notes online that r ez 2 follow by urself (no textbook; can skip lecture if u understand them). Lecture's slow/boring (follows notes exactly) but helpful if u don't understand the notes. Tests are short (half closed book about terminology/ideas from notes, other half open book about ?s similar to the hwk) so u got plenty of time.
Dr. Laemmerzahl is awesome! No textbook; he writes the material for the course and it is presented in a very clear and comprehensible way. Attendance optional but necessary if you want to do well, 3 exams with open-note sections! Recitation has weekly assignments. Put forth the effort and you'll definitely do well - I learned a lot in this class!
Great Professor! do all the homework and really understand it because that is what is on your exams . Also, make sure you come to class cause although you can probably get away with just the notes, the notes were a little confusing at times and going to class helps. SUPER amazing lecturer and great for recitation! Approachable and fair.
Although attendance isn't mandatory, he gives pop quizzes and those points are very helpful for your overall grade! I enjoyed his lectures and think he was a great professor.
Very engaging and provides numerous examples of statistical problems. If you prefer step-by-step instructions he is a good professor in that sense. Started to go to class A LOT less but his thorough notes will do just fine. Notes are very extensive but easy to follow along. Exams are half open book, half closed.
He's a great professor, very sweet and cute. When I went to visit in office hours tho he seemed abrupt. Isn't always available. Talks a lot- but good because makes you understand the material. Always asks if audience has questions- people don't usually ask but its nice.
