Basically, you have Joe Rogan as a teacher. More than just a physical resemblance, Prof. Malley also has a history of martial arts, a great speaking voice, and is very intelligent. I encourage you to talk to him in office hours. As long as you attend class and discussion regularly, should be an easy A. No exams, just 6 open note pop quizzes.
Malley is a really funny guy, but I didn't take his intro psych class to hear him crack jokes and share his own "opinions" about psychology. It seemed like he never really knew what he was talking about, because he was always having to ask the GSIs (who sat in the front) for clarification. Also, his pop quizzes are graded way too tough
Do yourself a favor and write down the entire textbook that he makes you buy. This guy preaches about how life is not hard and how everything will be okay, yet he grades his answers like a Nazi. If you're answer is not cookie cutter material it wont count. He is a delusional professor who does not follow what he preaches. Do not take this bum.
get stuff done early and you are golden. e.g. required research participation or papers if you dont wish to participate. so much easier to get done in the beginning of the term. also, go to lecture and you don't really have to read other than for a few discussion assignments
I like how the class is structured, and the material he talks about is inspirational.
Poor lecturer, very little of material discussed in class ends up on quizzes. 75% worth of grade is easy to attain, other 25 is made up of arbitrarily graded quizzes. Good for fulfilling nat science req but If you have a real interest in learning about psychology do not recommend.
Pretty cool guy. If you pay attention and make an effort to print out your notes for the exam its not hard to get a B+/A-. He does not give out A+ unless you go way above and beyond. Super good class for people who are interested in psychology and need a natural science requirement. All in all he's cool.
Takes his intro class way too seriously. Quizzes ask about the most specific word from his lectures that aren't on his slides.
The pop quizzes are boujee and he is a complete jerk off, to be honest. Everyone on here is boosting, and just take psych 111 without this professor lmfao
Only open note pop quizzes that are graded very harshly but not super difficult to get an A. Take detailed notes and always go to lecture or else you won't pass since he doesn't post the powerpoints online. He's a really good lecturer and makes the topic very interesting so I'm glad I took the class.
super funny teacher. The pop quizzes were petty hard and are graded very harshly so be ware, but atlas there aren't exams. Take extremely detailed notes, including all of the examples he references, because he does not post the slides and you can use your handwritten notes on the quizzes.
Great guy, and the class was pretty easy. I found his lectures a little difficult to follow at times and its a little inconvenient that lectures aren't posted. As long as you show up and take notes this class should be pretty straightforward, be prepared for those quizzes though as they can be challenging
Malley is one of the better professors I've had. Great sense of humor and manages to make lectures interesting. That being said, it's crucial you keep up with lectures and readings! The quizzes are unannounced (but he always drops a hint at least a lecture in advance) and the questions are mostly open ended. I wasn't prepared and ended up retaking.
All about the pop quizzes so basically you have to come to every single lecture to not miss one. They are open book, and only challenging if you don't pay attention or read beforehand. He is often absent for pain so you get a few days off but when he teaches he throws in a couple jokes, allows questions during lecture, and knows his stuff!
Quite possibly the easiest class I have taken.  Malley is an excellent professor.  He really enjoys teaching and has some pretty funny jokes to complement his lectures.  As long as you do all the work and pay attention, it should be hard not to get at least an A-.
Malley was the definition of fine. Psych 112 was not hard at all.  It was completely dependent on your GSI.  I had an amazing GSI so I lucked out.  Beware of pop quizzes they can be very tough even though they are open note. Rest for he class is cake and you're lucky cuz one quiz gets dropped
Class is mandatory and can't make up pop quizzes or assignments. Didnt learn much because a few classes he gave us tough readings and told us to go home without even teaching. Expected us to be prepared but often times was not himself. Unorganized.
DO NOT take this class at 830 am unless you know you'll get there. If you miss lectures you will likely miss pop-quizzes which count for a lot. Most assignments are due at the beginning of class. He does not accept ANY late work at all and if you miss a pop quiz or anything, too bad. Not the nicest guy but an okay class (if its not at 830).
Professor Malley is really nice and pretty funny. His syllabus is intimidating but reality is the class is very relaxed. He tries to make his lectures interesting. Your grade depends on pop quizzes so you have to show up. The discussion section is basically another lecture.
I took this class to fulfill my natural science requirement and I ended up loving it! not to hard but interesting material
