Callam is one of the best prof I have ever had, hands down. He teaches the content really really well but for that reason his tests are super hard but if you actually pay attention in lecture and do what you should be doing, the tests are totally doable. You have to work for it, but Dallam helps every step along the way!
Probably the best professor I've had at OSU so far. Callam is a genius and a great teacher, he really helps you understand the material with his very thorough lectures and practice problems. Exams were really tough, but the quizzes were fine so it kind of balances out. Definitely do the problem sets and practice exams.
Dr. Callam is one of the best professors I have had at OSU! Super knowledgable and willing to help, especially if you go to office hours. Organic 2 lab is generally a little bit more difficult than the first, but definitely still manageable.
Dr. Callam has been one of my favorite science professors so far. He explains concepts in great details and covers important material more than once. The quizzes were pretty fair if you actually attended lecture. He's also really accessible if you are unable to attend his office hours. I highly recommend taking him for O-Chem!
BEST PROFESSOR EVER! I LOVE DR. CALLAM. He is a real gem. His exams were hard but he is really cool and makes you love O chem (no joke). Take with him. I don't know what else to say. Definition AWESOME. such a beautiful human being
BEST teacher I've ever had. He's hilarious, lectures are fun, and he explains everything so well, he's perfect. Book is pointless but don't skip class, do all the problem sets, old exams/quizzes, and go to office hours. It's a lot of work but he will go above and beyond to help you. Callam is a genius, no doubt he will change the world one day.
A great professor. The best option for any o-chem class. He posts his notes on carmen and gives students plenty of resources to learn/study from.
Dr. Callam is great. The lectures are clear and informative, and interesting for the most part (as much as chemistry can be interesting). OChem Lab is a tough course, and honestly your TA can make or break your grade, but Callam himself is very helpful. The exam is tough, but he offers a lot of material to help you prepare.
Callam is a real gem. He's funny, draws perfect hexagons, and has never made a mistake on paper. Callam is very good at explaining things because he anticipates what students are thinking.
He is without a doubt the best professor I have ever had. He did an amazing job of explaining the material in an interesting way. Definitely recommend going to lecture because he lets you know everything that it important to know for the tests. Do the problem sets and old exams that he posts online because those are most like his exam questions.
Callams the best prof at OSU and he prepares you extremely well for exams and makes a hard subject super interesting. The material itself isnt hard and with practice, a good grade is definitely achievable.
Dr. Callam is really great. He cares about students. His lectures are clear and he gives great resources for studying. However, o chem is very hard and his exams are 2 hrs long &amp; very difficult. He combines several concepts into 1 problem. I'm going to retake the class because I'm not happy with my grade. Requires lots of practice outside of class
I love Dr. Callam! His class is not easy by any means but he gives you tons of practice problems and old exams to study from. He is very helpful in office hours so go and ask questions. His exams are very challenging but if you prepare enough ahead of time, you will be fine. Curve was nice.
Very smart guy and a great professor. The course itself has an annoying amount of work for a 2 credit class, and it's very easy to miss a deadline for an assignment. But it's ochem, so what else would you expect. Regardless, him and Dr. Paul are great characters and are awesome to talk to. They make the notorious ochem much more bearable.
Was definitely a very difficult class but I would never take it with anyone else. A truly amazing teacher who cared about his students, and definitely my favorite professor I've had at OSU. Hilarious, well organized, overall great. It's a challenge, but I loved it and he made the course manageable.
He is the best. Can't wait for 2550 with him. He is a great lecturer and really breaks things down so they are easier to understand. The midterm is kinda tough but the final is a huge opportunity for bonus points. Definitely not a tough class if you pay attention and study.
Dr. Callam basically played bad cop and taught the spectroscopy part of the class which is a hard topic to teach. He did his best and used as many examples as possible. But he's not a very accessible lecturer.
Dr. Callam is a great O Chem teacher. I definitely recommend him. Love him loads.
I struggled in gen chem, but Dr. Callam made ochem fun for me. He is really good at explaining what is going on and provides so many materials for you to practice. While its not an easy class and I study basically every day, Ive definitely learned from him. His midterms aren't impossible if you put in the work. I recommend
Callam is a great professor and very smart. His humor is one of his best attributes. If you go to lecture, take good notes and study, there is no reason you cannot do well in this class. The O-chem textbook is also extremely helpful. His tests are very hard if you skip class, but can be easy if you study your notes and do all the problem sets.
