Prof. Lockwood seems like an okay professor during the first few weeks. He turns into a conceited, biased, unavailable professor by the halfway point of the term. Thought I was doing okay through the whole course but ended up failing. Ridiculously hard grader, but his critiques arent rational. Rather, he seems to grade based on his mood.
Dr. Lockwood is entertaining, engaging and knowledgable. He has wonderful stories about reading brain wave patterns too! Great format, great lectures and fun to participate in. Projects and testing is reasonable and fairly graded. His expectations are clear and so is his grading. Fantastic professor!
Lockwood can seem like you are about to have a good class at the beginning. Then as the weeks go on his egocentric attitude will make you borderline insane. He makes a film and health class very difficult and admits it. If you want a super hard cluster class, with a guy who is in complete love with who he is, take it. If not, look elsewhere.
He is conceited and makes a fuss over small details. He does this thing where it takes him a while to finish a though which gets annoying over time. He makes a "film" class WAY too serious. For the love of God were watching films.
I really enjoyed Dr. Lockwood's class. He's funny, smart and engaging. The screenplay project ends up being pretty cool because it's different than your usual report style essay in other classes. A lot of the class participated in discussions and the movies are great. Expectations are clear when it comes to assignments.
Really great instructor overall. He is a tough grader, so don't expect the class to be easy. Apply yourself and he will recognize you. Group project at end of term isn't too bad, but be warned, he will drill your group when you present.
A sociologist professor who studies health care; this was the greatest gift PSU gave to my education. This class is designed to prepare you for graduate school. Get ready to work hard and read the textbook cover to cover several times. Sit in the front! Email him! Utilize him as a resource and as a mentor.
Easiest Lockwood class of the three. Watch a movie every week, write 2 pages on it. It gets easier as you go.  He sneaks questions onto the midterm/final from the book and slides that most people don't expect.  Screenplay group project in second half of the term - write an episode of a tv show with a health spin.  Sounds way harder than it is.
Professor Lockwood has a good sense of humor and is clear on his assignments. Class never got out late and it even got out early sometimes if the movie was short. I would definitely take this professor again, he makes class fun and enjoyable.
Has no empathy. Only gives you good grades if he likes you. I disagreed with a grade he gave me and since then he gave me low grades. Not professional. He is passionate about his teaching, but he is a researcher.. not a teacher and does not understand how students learn best. I got straight A's  in PHE classes until now...
Super intriguing, big and broad concepts that Lockwood will make your work for.  He is clearly very passionate, which makes the seemingly boring context quite interesting.
Lockwood managed to make a class mostly about health insurance interesting. Best teacher, huge nerd. Midterm and Final are both essays but are mostly taken from the homework. He doesn't talk about the book much but likes to sneak in a question from in into tests. It's not difficult if you put in the work.  Take him!
Amazing professor, very helpful when I went to his office hours and his lectures were very engaging. He loves discussion and when you have something to say he really makes you feel acknowledged. End of the term group presentation on a country requires a lot of effort and understanding of the subject.
DR. Lockwood is  great.
Professor Lockwood is awesome, he really makes you work for it, if you don't know what you're talking about you're not going to get an A.  He has a unique way of being able to detect BS essay responses and is an unforgiving grader.  Anyone who complains about him simply didn't put the time and effort into his class.  Its not easy but it's worth it!
Film and Health: loved it. Most movies were good. Weekly response papers mean a lot of writing. He's a tough grader (follow all directions!), but he's a great professor. His lectures are interesting, engaging, and often funny. I'm taking him for Health Systems, and I don't regret it. In-class, handwritten essays are his 'thing'. Easy on the eyes
Go to class, take good notes and you will do just fine. Attendance is mandatory and he does not post his lecture notes online. His exams are essay format. However they're not too bad because you don't have to answer every essay. He gives you a variety of questions so you can answer the one you studied best.
Captivating professor but your grade is subject to his mood and preconceived notions about you. He''s given full credit when I was wrong and less than half when I quoted lecture with supporting statements. I found it disconcerting that he asked me to coffee to nerd out after class. Lacks professionalism. ''A'' grades in PHE until this course.
He knows everything about the subject, but he grades with no empathy. Two test, essay style, you get 7 questions, you get to choose 5 from them, all page essay answers, the more you write, the more you get points. 5 homework during the term..
Fantastic professor. He is extremely knowledgeable  and really knows his stuff.I feel like I learned more from him than anyone else. Just make sure to attend class and take good notes, as he does not post his lectures online.
