Incredible prof! He will help you understand it in office hours if you need help. Exceptionally glad that he is so reachable and explains things so well. Every step is clear, and if you need help he will spend as much time on the sticking points as you need until you get it.
Statistics with Kasius is pretty easy. He doesn't curve his exams but they're basically the same problems from the homework without any curveballs so if you go over the homework before the exams you'll do well. He's one of the nicest people ever so if you're having trouble definitely talk to him.
Professor Kasius class is solely lectures. If you already know the material it can be boring, but he goes step by step, and is very thorough in answering questions which is helpful for new material. Sad to say I never got to hear the famous sneeze :(
Very lecture heavy. You need to have good note taking skills, but don't stress too much. He has office hours and his TAs do problem sessions, so there's plenty of time to get help. I like to be more engaged during class, which isn't offered here. However, for lower level math classes engagement isn't terribly necessary.
Each class consisted of long-winded lectures and hardly any openings to think about or ask questions. Any homework assignments or practice problems did not reflect the difficulty of test questions, and going to office hours felt awkward. When I asked for more difficult practice problems, I was told textbook problems would suffice, but they did not.
He came off as an incredibly unapproachable teacher. I honestly think you should only take his class if you love math because he is so lecture heavy. Nice handwriting though, weird sneezes.
It is all lectures and his teaching style is not for everybody. Be prepared to work hard.
Don't take this class unless it is absolutely necessary. All lectures, no leniency with grading. Sneezes like a kitten.
He has a very clear, systematic form of lecture that is great for Math -- it's very step-by-step. He is a pleasant person, too, which is great. He is accessible after class and has very long office hours.
Dr. Kasius is clear and organized, but moves pretty fast. His lectures are pretty dull. He gives a pretty fair amount of homework, and has a decent amount of office hours. Not bad, not great.
Reading is required and it comes from the textbook. Prof. Kasius will go over the terms and definitions in class with some examples, from easy ones to hard ones. The lecture is easy to follow, and the homework is not hard. Also, professor Kasius is super accessible outside of class. Office hour for three whole days and he is always online.
Good professor who knows his stuff but he goes very quickly sometimes. Exams are extremely hard and the homework does not prepare you for them.
Sweet prof! Lectures can be a bit dull, but he really cares about the material and his students. Assignments are frequent but manageable, reasonable tests.
The class and the material themselves are very hard. He is a fairly good professor, though very dry.
He's a very nice and helpful professor. Easily accessible, because of his ample amount of office hours. The homework are pretty straightforward and easy to understand if you listen to his lectures. When I was still searching for classes at the academic fair, a professor teaching the same course even suggested that I take him instead of herself.
His lectures are really boring. His voice is very soft. His handwriting is neat. He assigns homework almost every class (only even problems without answers in the back of the text) and he gives 2 midterms &amp; a final that were extremely difficult. Office hours are really helpful. I heard Myers was easier for this class
Prof really knows his stuff, but lecture can be really dry. He has a lot of available office hours, but they are not always helpful because he only explains in words and not writing. He's very nice, and eased my anxieties about the course. Assigns homework almost every class period. Exams make up 80% of the grade and are tough.
He does problems in class but his explainations aren't always clear. Alternatives to his methods are not encouraged, save through the textbook
Kasius is so patient and nice. He dedicates a lot of his time to office hours which is really nice. He doesn't go too quickly through examples in class and is even pretty funny.
Boring and difficult
