This class was so interesting and eye opening that I ended up switching my major to Public Health. Sparke is so engaging and knowledgable about the material. The class is alot of work but it teaches useful skills. If i could take this class every quarter, I think I'd still learn something new each time. He is a great contribution to GH.
I really respect and enjoy the passion that he gives in lectures. He's also super accommodating, and overall I appreciate his existence. However, I do have to say that sections feel like an absolute waste of time, workload is heavy, and as great as the speaker itself is, the lecture topics can be really boring and difficult to sit thru for 2 hrs!!!
Was just watching an online lecture for GH101 where Sparks says he looks at these sometimes and is usually depressed after. Made me sad because I love his lectures and he is super awesome!! Wanted to put in a good word becuase I had him for a globalization and global health course and he is amazing! Super smart and fun to listen to!
Best teacher at UW. Britain English accent. Cares about students. Clear PPT, final exam review are useful.
Very interesting topics. Made me wish I would've been a global health major. This class took a lot of time, but the material made me WANT to put the effort in. There are participation activities for each lecture, but you don't have to attend lecture to do the activities (on Canvas). Great guy who is always looking for feedback on his teaching.
I did not have an easy time with this class. Sparke is a great guy and wants his students to succeed, but assumes we have previous knowledge about global health concepts that many don't. There are a lot of complicated topics that aren't explained in the best ways.
Sparks is fantastic! He's got a great background and a ton of knowledge, which I think makes it hard for new students to follow his lectures (very high diction). But he's super accessible and seems to genuinely enjoy working with students and unpacking topics. Great professor and person to network with.
Eye opening but takes a lot of work.  The nearly 2 hour lecture format is challenging, that said, Sparke makes real effort to be engaging throughout. There is a major project which runs throughout the quarter that requires a huge amount of time and effort. If you have passion for global health, I strongly recommend!!
He is one of the most interesting, amazing professors I've ever had. He is engaging and has so much experience. It is an absolute honor to take a class from him.
Global Health 101 with professor Sparke was just amazing, I would recommend everyone to take this class as it opens your eyes up to the issues and from where the issues started relating to Global Health. He is really passionate about this topic and will help you in any way possible. One of the best professors I have had so far!
Prof Sparke gives well-planned lectures full of interesting and relevant course content which help in assignments a great deal. He puts in considerable effort to make the two hour long classes bearable by offering a short break mid-class and encouraging discussion and participation.  His  humor and use of videos/visuals also make class enjoyable.
Prof Sparke gives well planned lectures covering a wide range of interesting course content. Sparke makes effort to make the 2hr long classes bearable offering a short break mid-class and encouraging discussion and participation. You can tell he is passionate about the subject and I think he is the best lecturer of all of mine this quarter.
Pretty funny &amp; awesome professor. Makes a real effort to explain concepts to students. To succeed in GH101 be prepared to pay attention in class, read, complete assignments, and review info off the slides. The workload is manageable! Just do the work + readings, ask questions and you'll be fine :)
Professor Sparke is passionate about global health. He is very knowledgeable,  caring, and hilarious during the lecture. The two main parts of the course are the global fund project and the tests.  For global fund project, you need to do a small section each week, it does involve research. There will be study guides provided before tests.
This class wasn't what I expected coming into it, but I love doing the coursework and getting to know my TA and Professor Sparke. The lectures can be long, but that's to be expected with an hour and 50 minute class and Professor Sparke tries to make it more interactive.
The lectures may cause you to doze off, but it is crucial to listen and understand the material presented in them. Sparke does an amazing job of trying to keep the audience's attention, however, it can be a bit dry.  If you plan on taking this class show up to each and every lecture!
Very interesting topics covered. Readings may seem daunting but once you start you'll find yourself much more interested than you started out. Use a lot of cool videos as well to explain concepts.
Although this class does require a quite a bit of work for the final project, the quizzes are all online, untimed &amp; allow two attempts. There is one midterm and one final, which is all multiple choice. There's also a lot of reading. Even so, the material is really interesting and the professors do a great job of keeping it interesting! I Recommend!
Major bro. Learned so much and it is clear he is very knowledgeable about the material. Funny and interesting lectures.
Whoever wrote him a bad review needs to suck it up and read the book. If you read the book like you are told to and then his lectures really work off of that and it all makes a lot more sense. He is a fantastic professor with so much experience and really speaks with passion about the content of the class.
