Professor Negy has really entertaining lectures, however he is probably the most disorganized professor I've ever had. All his grades are 20-question exams and one 3 credit extra credit paper (which I recommend doing). So much info needed for such tiny exams, and he doesn't provide any guide to know what the exams focus on. Wouldn't take him again.
*SEXUAL BEHAVIORS* literally the best class to take, graded on four tests only and an extra credit paper was given. No textbook, everything is lecture based and the powerpoints are not online. sassy and super funny. Dr Negy if u see this i love u and ur class. i dropped out bc im broke but i would take more of ur classes if i hadnt.
I didn't really like this class because of his tests. They're mostly questions regarding minor details that if you miss when taking notes, you'll get a bad grade. I remember one was regarding what food a person mentioned they wanted during a video when discussing a psychological phenomenon. You don't basically create a transcript, you will do badly
He is very sassy, but that makes lectures go by fast. Material is interesting and he tells a lot of funny stories. Make sure you write down everything he says because that is what tests are based on (doesn't post pwp slides and no textbook). 4 exams, no final. Take good notes and exams will be easy. Easy extra credit assignment- do it!
Negy is a true gem, one of those professors you won't soon forget. He has a passion for his field and it shows, every topic was made interesting and while the lectures were long (with every word being fair game for the test), I was never bored in this class. If you don't have an open-mind &amp; sense of humor, this isn't the professor for you.
Great professor. This is not a class that you can skip, all of the test are lecture based. I recommend that you take notes during the class and that you create a group me so someone can send you notes on details that you might missed.
I took his class weekly 6pm 3 hour class. Usually we were let out early, but honestly it didnt matter because time went by really fast in his class due to how fun it was. Completely engaging teacher who isnt afraid to voice his opinion. You have to take a lot of notes to pass bc all of his exams are based off of anything mentioned in-class.
Tests are crazy specific and hard. Pay attention to the videos in class!!! He tests you based on if you showed up to class or not and payed attention.. barely anything tested about actually psychology..
You have to pay attention to little details that are in lectures or videos. They will pop up on the test and you'll be confused, as some of his test questions are completely irrelevant to the course material and he'll just throw them in there to see if you're paying close attention.
By the end of the semester, I could not tolerate his behavior. He only thinks himself. Some of his information was interesting and I did learn; however, he was biased on cultures and religions from his own experiences. So, needless to say, that is what you are tested on. When you are taking his test: think like him, not yourself
Really cool guy but can be really sassy and snappy. Not much on the slides and there's no book, so you'll be taking notes the whole time. 3 exams and 1 extra credit paper. Not that hard but some exam questions are things he has never specified. No study guides, it's a ton to study for such short tests, some very specific questions. Gotta study
look, this professor is a NIGHTMARE. No joke, he's absolutely terrible. Awful lectures that are just all over the place and no study materials given during the week. It's terrible. Don't take classes from this professor if you can help it.
This course is not that hard, but with this professor it is! I failed two exams because there was no book for this course! He doesn't share his notes or videos on Webcourses! I really didn't know from where and how to study for the exams.. He always thinks he's right and doesn't like to be wrong about anything
In Negy's class, you gotta pay really close attention to minute details because that is usually what he tests for. He had us read two books, I skimmed through both and was fine. His textbook did not appear on the exams at all. Just focus on the little details, write the extra credit paper, and you'll be fine.
You're only graded on a couple quizzes, and they are a bit difficult. Don't expect to get an A if you don't study and take good notes. Doesn't post any lectures online, so attendance is a necessity and write down almost everything he says, even if you don't think it's important. I've had him for two classes now and he's a very interesting prof.
I love professor Negy!!! Great teacher. Very smart knows what hes talking about and super funny! I have him for three hours Tuesday nights and he made sure the class was not bored. Super interesting. I would have gotten an A but somehow messed up one of my tests. If you read his book and go to class you will have no problems. Wish I could go again
Pro. Negy is a great lecturer! I've taken him twice and he was great in both classes. No homework, but read two books + his book for exams. Only had 5, with the last being the final exam. Each had only 20 questions, in-class. Did have extra credit. Did send articles for us to read about a topic covered in class too.
I am a solid B student and this class was an absolute joke. His lectures are disorganized and does not give you access to his notes online. There are 5 tests which have no relation to his textbook (he is the author) and it was expensive. He goes through the material quickly so nothing even abides to his syllabus. I wish I took this class online.
His lectures are worth waiting for. i loved going to his classes bcus they were so much fun. Did i have to study ? yes absolutely. But as long as u understand and u dont just memorize youll be fine!
Negy is the most hilarious professor at UCF, does not care if he offends you at all. Expresses all of his opinions. Wrote his own book, memorize it &amp; you'll do good (not hard its like a summary of a normal book, just important info). MC exams in class, got an A on all of them. Very entertaining lectures, I took a 3 hr night class, usually out early
