If you are not gifted and brilliant, skip this class.
There is so much reading for this class. He goes over the reading extensively in class, but if you don't do the reading, you are most likely not going to do well in the class.
My opinions on him are very mixed. You will learn a lot from his classes, but they are pretty difficult, easily the most difficult class I've taken. He's a very smart and caring person, but I do not like how his class is organized.
Loved the Prof. but way to smart for an intro class to understand. Get ready to read and not understand lectures! Any papers assigned and are difficult to understand his questions. I have never missed a class but struggle and literally don't get what we talk about. He is funny but again a really tough intro class!
I had such a difficult time in this class. He overcomplicates his sentences during his lectures in such a way that I couldn't focus enough to even take notes that made sense, and I'm currently writing my final paper for this class and teaching myself the material. He's a very kind and approachable man, but I struggled to follow his teaching style.
The material was pretty hard to understand most of time, professor shelton is also more than happy to go over anything that you found challenging. The one downside that i found was the online homework was challenging and confusing most of the time, once you submit it you don't recieve correct answers to the ones you got wrong.
He is kind and very easy to talk to. Lectures are like mini-seminars, although he talks more than the students do. Often he is more interested in what you are thinking about the material rather than if you have the "correct" answer. There are 8 small question/response papers every 2-3 weeks, 600 word min. Very unique class and professor.
Professor Shelton is a great guy. It is very evident from his lectures that he is very passionate on the subject. He cares for his students and is a really nice guy. There are a lot of books you SHOULD read for the papers he has you write about them. The papers are not difficult, only 600 word assignments mostly for completion. Good luck!
Dr. Shelton was a very passionate professor. He would really get into his lectures, and you can tell he is passionate about the subject. If you take PHL100, I would 100% suggest him. The work isn't plentiful, one 500-600 word assignment every other week with only every other one graded, your choice. Easy A if you follow the requirements listed well
Really really liked this class and the prof but he is such a hard grader. I participated and paid close attention every day and took good notes and still ended with a C+. Ruined my gpa
Mr. Shelton is a fantastic professor. He's funny, smart, and clearly enthusiastic about the subject. The way he grades is different, but overall great. He makes it so that the exams are hard, but grades in a way that even if you get only half right you pass the exam. Read, show up, and you'll pass.
This guy is a great person and really cares about his students. If you don't understand something, go and see him at his office hours. I will admit he is a tough grader and says it is hard to get an A in his class. Put in the work, start caring about what you're learning and it's absolutely possible!
He's awesome, it's one thing to go to class and it's another to go and learn something. If you're true goal is to learn something and you're not solely focused on getting an A every time. You will love it, please take this class. We need more people who know stuff in the world!
He's very enthusiastic about what he teaches. He's wicked smart and moral problems is already a rough class so it might be hard for you to follow. It wasn't necessarily easy but it wasn't hard either. If you're struggling, ask questions because it will only get harder if you don't. Do the reading. Just do the reading he assigns.
A very dedicated and caring professor. He makes great analogies and explains things in very understandable terms. Prepare to get deep on subjects. Read weekly, it's not overbearing material. If you work hard you should be able to get a B- or higher. Definitely grew from the class, interesting all around.
Holy Cow, this class sure does make you work for a good grade. Not in the good way though. If you have the option to take a different class for a WI I would definitely suggest it. He is not very clear in his grading so you do not always know your grade. On all of my papers he wrote letter grades. No percentages just A-/B+. Literally what he wrote.
Despite interesting material and engaging lectures, I can't really recommend this class or professor. This might work for someone who is an English major or a Philosophy Major, but I am majoring in Meteorology. Science is objective while philosophy is subjective. Therefore, if you are a Science major, steer clear at all costs.
He is very intelligent and nice, but the material was presented in such a difficult way.  Lectures can be confusing and boring.  Since he goes over the readings in class, you cant skip and you have to do all the readings beforehand to be able to participate.  I would highly recommend NOT taking this class if it is for a UP!
Loved this class! I would Recommend it.
He is a very quirky and smart guy, and if you can follow, his lectures will be interesting and the logic of it all will make perfect sense. He cares about his students and challenges your beliefs. This is my first semester as a freshman and I have an A- with minimal effort. Do the readings beforehand and pay attention and you will do fine.
