He talked too much about his personal opinions and tried to secretively mention them almost whenever he got a chance. I had no idea about his arrests until after I took his classes and I dont feel comfortable with someone so politically motivated teaching impressionable students.
I liked the class. He's a personable guy. He teaches for you to understand concepts more than just solving problems. Use the help room and study groups as well to more fully understand concepts and you'll do well in his class. You don't have to do textbook problems to pass. Make sure to do the handouts he gives in class.
Class is not easy but Professor Bar-On is not only a great lecturer, but more importantly, a genuinely awesome human being. I should have come to office hour more often!!
Professor Bar-On is easily one of the most caring professors at Duke. He really wants his students to succeed and is very accessible outside of class. The material is difficult, but he will do everything in his power to help you do your best. Take a class with him. It's so inspirational and special to have a professor who cares so much about you!!!
Rann is an amazing professor, the complete anti-stereotype to the typical Duke math professor. This class is obviously difficult, but Rann will make every effort to help you excell and was one of the most accessible teachers Ive had at Duke. Hes just a genuinely amazing guy! PS Take his labs!! You wont find anything like them again at Duke.
Duke should be so happy to have Rann. When you see someone with such passion for a subject you can't help but reciprocate. This has been my favorite class, and I really hope that I will have the privilege to take another math class with Rann before I graduate. The class is obviously difficult, but Rann made it a wonderful experience.
Really great guy in general. Material is tough, but he'll help you through it if you put in the effort.
He cares a lot about every student's success and is super reasonable if you talk to him. Really good lecturer and he takes as much time as he needs to answer clarifying questions.
Rann is a great math professor with a deep understanding of the material. Lectures are critical to understanding the material and Rann is always available and eager to help students. One of the most thoughtful and helpful teachers at Duke. Tests were reasonable, as well. This class isnt easy but if you reach out Rann will help you.
Professor Bar-on is fantastic  I wish hed teach other courses so Id have the chance to be his student again. His lectures are well-structured, the labs he designed are super fun (I really found great joy in them), and he is truly a cool and kind person. Helped me feel more confident in and appreciate Math! Not enough words but loved LA this sem!
Rann was one of my favorite professors at Duke so far. He truly cares about all of his students and wants to see us succeed. Math 218 is definitely not an easy class, but I think Rann did a great job with the course.
Rann is one of the most genuinely caring professors on this campus. He puts in a lot of effort to make himself accessible to students outside of class. Probably one of the sweetest and most intelligent people I've met in my life.
Professor Bar-on cares so much about his students. I thought this class was really difficult and math at Duke always will be but he made it a lot better by being funny, making mistakes himself and being an overall incredibly caring teacher
Simply a wonderful human being/genius. Can't think of any other lecturer that has cared so much about his students. Always takes feedback into account, and lectures are very clear. Very accessible outside of class if you have any questions. He also designed an optional lab component to this linear course that I would strongly recommend taking.
Best/toughest professor I've had
Rann is not only a math genius but also a friendly guy and a solid teacher. Midterms were hard-duh. Final was not as hard-thank the Lord. Most annoying thing about this class were written lab reports: his grading is very abstract. There's no rubric or clear criteria. He either loves or hates the report, which results in low lab grades.
Looks kinda like white Jesus, and he is a true math genius. If you have to take calc, take it with Rann!
Great Prof, really cares about his students and is there when you need him. Even when he had a baby on the way, he still made sure his students had what they needed to succeed!
Hes a tough grader but a really great guy. I was terrible at math and he was understandable. This class was a prerequisite but he knows the information, hes prepared and teaches calc pretty clearly
Rann is a great teacher. His class structure will not only help prepare you for this class, but other classes you may take as well. Usually accessible outside of class, and there are many chances to prove you know the material. The class is difficult, but if you stay engaged and on top of the coursework, it will make your experience much better.
