Lieberman clearly knows what hes talking about but isnt great at teaching it. Sloppily hand writes lecture notes on notepad and talks at the same time. While deciphering his handwriting you must also try to understand him without a microphone. Tests were hard enough but doable with a lot of studying. One of my least favorite teachers thus far.
I strongly recommand to take his classes. his exams are super easy.
Terrible tests, lectures are okay. Everyone cheats on tests so make sure you know what you're getting yourself into. Made me want to drop out of econ major, but dw other professors are much better.
One of my favorite profs so far. I'm taking him again next semester and I highly recommend. Graded fairly and pretty doable homeworks once a week to once every two weeks. Doesn't require you to go to recitation but I highly recommend going to class cus the classes are fun and he doesn't post notes. Great guy great class.
My favorite professor I've had at NYU. Lectures are clear (he writes as he talks so you know what's most important), and he tells lots of funny stories that keep you engaged and have lessons about economics imbedded in them. Tests are all multiple choice, very fair, and easy to do well on if you go to class and take good notes.
Good teacher, but all his exams are multiple choice, so you don't get partial credit. You either get it right or wrong, and that can really mess you up in the exam.
with great lecture Marc would speed through material and never look back to see if the class can keep up. Attendance isn't mandatory but i highly suggest going because you wont know what going on. Hw material is based off of recitation.
Lieberman definitely knows what he's talking about. Lectures are amazing and informative--take good notes. You will have to put some effort in but it's not too difficult. I would highly recommend him!
Took his class for both macro and micro. Considering the other Econ professors, Lieberman is the best. The book is optional but helpful. He gives you the tools to get an A, and the workload is average. He's funny. He's very easy to follow and organized. He's quite anti-trump. His micro class is awesome. Macro is ok.
A really great Economics professor. Extremely caring towards students. Just be sure to attend lecture and recitation as that is where everything is taught. Even if you purchase the textbook, you still might have a hard time getting all of the concepts.
Incredibly warm, charismatic, funny and caring. Lectures were brilliant. I learned more in this class than I have in every other class combined. For grades, no one got below a C because Lieberman is very generous and genuinely wants students to thrive. Very helpful and kind during office hours. Stellar class with stellar teacher.
Great lecturer, not so great teacher. He speeds through material at a mechanical pace for the full hour 15, never stopping to review anything. Expects students to ask questions then talks at them like they're dumb. His mult choice require knowledge of minutia from his dense/long lectures and are LSAT style. May or may not be a recovering alcoholic.
Extremely overrated, but overall still a great professor. Tests are fair, lectures are informative, and homework is do-able.
One of the most amazing teachers I had at NYU and would recommend 100%. He makes his tests straightforward, and is extremely engaging when teaching. I hope to take a class with him again in the future.
Simply the best Prof at nyu. He is the main reason why I chose Econ as my major. I wish to take every econ class with him. He is simply extraodinary at teaching.
Best professor at NYU by far! He clearly cares about students and gives you all the tools to get an A. He is super clear, fair and approachable. Would take him again in a heartbeat
Lieberman is probably the best professor I've ever taken in college. His lectures are super interesting and he knows how to keep them from dragging. He teaches very clearly and with great examples so you actually understand the theory. Homework problems are straightforward and use math to apply what he taught in class. Definitely recommend taking!
One of the best professors I've had -- he is clear in his lectures, always willing to help students understand concepts outside of class, tells hilarious stories and lectures don't get boring. Textbook isn't necessary, recitation isn't obligatory and grade is decided on 3 non-cumulative exams + problem sets every week or so. Fun and mostly easy!
Lieberman is great. His lectures are very engaging and he does a good job explaining unfamiliar concepts. Be sure to attend lectures because he doesn't use powerpoint slides. The textbook is a good resource, but it's not required to do well in the class (however, it comes with the Aplia software used for homework, so you pretty much have it anyway)
Lieberman is exceptionally lucid, good-natured, interesting, and funny. He spices up his (already amazing) lectures with funny and fascinating stories of protectionism gone wrong. Tests and problem sets are a fair reflection of lectures, with few if any surprises. Overall, International Econ is the best class I've taken at NYU.
