Professor Wilkinson is one of my favorite professors at BYU! He is so caring about his students and wants every one of them to pass! There are no tests in this class, but you do have to give 8 speeches and write a papers. If you put in the work, you are going to get a good grade! Take from him!!! I learned some lifelong skills and had fun doing it!
I took public speaking just for fun, and it was a great class. Definitely gives you the chance to get out of your comfort zone by giving several speeches in front of the class. I probably averaged around a 90 on my speeches, but he gives lots of opportunity for extra credit so it was easy to make up.
I really enjoyed the way the class was set up. There are seven speeches that you give throughout the semester. None are over five minutes, though, so don't freak out. You will write around four papers. He gives you every opportunity to succeed, tons of extra credit. He is kind and facilitates great discussions.
My friend recommended Prof. Wilkinson &amp; I am so glad. I gained more than I ever expected. Prof. Wilkinson knows so much &amp; leads by example. He's inspiring &amp; the skills go beyond what's learned in high school or church. As we progressed through the topics/skills I noticed I could use them in my other classes, church, &amp; work - best prof/class ever!
Prof Wilkinson is such a great guy! He really cares about his students and cares about making you a better public speaker. The grade seems to be less important to him than actually seeing his students progress. He also has super good tips, and some really awesome and inspirational stories. Super cool teacher, pretty easy A, I recommend.
This class improved my public speaking skills a lot more than I anticipated! I also felt like the class had a great atmosphere and I also grew closer to my classmates. Prof. Wilkinson is very organized and it's crystal clear what's expected. He treats his students like adults and sincerely cares about them. I would recommend this class to anyone.
This online class with Prof. Wilkinson is amazing. It is well organized, assignments well spread out, and instructions clear. The feedback was detailed and encouraging. I looked forward to each assignment because the format was easy to follow. I felt my speech skills improved greatly over the semester. Prof. was approachable and quick to reply.
I love Ron!!! He is the best teacher to take public speaking from--you will improve so much, and he really cares about your success. There are a lot of extra credit opportunities available to you if you don't do well on the speeches. One of my favorite classes this semester.
I wish that class is more challenging and gears toward to professional presentation.
Prof. Wilkinson is a wonderful professor who loves teaching and makes an extra effort to be available for individual help.
Brother Wilkinson is a wonderful professor. You really won't regret taking his class. He helps you become a better public speaker with the material he uses to teach his students and he really cares about each student. Definitely a class I recommend and have truly enjoyed taking this past semester.
He sends you reminders when you forget turning something in which I believe that's the first professor that has done this to me. But it shows me that he cares about us! Makes you work hard, and is a tough grader, but he also offers good feedback.
I took the class in the Summer term. This class was less stressful than I thought it would be, and I think that I got the grade that I deserved. It was super busy, so I didn't have time to read the textbook, although the professor tells you how to prepare yourself. I have improved a lot, even though I know I didn't know that hard for it.
Wonderful teacher, I took public speaking and despite not always loving the class I feel like I grew in a great way. He is extremely kind and involved with the students. He makes you feel comfortable with public speaking.
This class is calm, not too stressful, he's a fair grader and very straightforward. No tests, just speeches. If you put in the effort to get an A, you will have no problem at all. Ron is just an amazing person. You will not regret taking this class unless you don't want to learn about public speaking.
If you're going to take public speaking, take it from Professor Wilkinson. As long as you follow the formula, you'll do really well. TONS of extra credit opportunities even if you're not perfect. You can use notes for all your speeches except for the last one. It's a great class to just improve your skills in a really low-stress environment.
Professor Wilkinson gives great feedback on each and every one of the speeches. Students who plan on missing more than 3 classes will have to make up for the speech in class. Don't bother to take it if you are going to miss more than 3 classes.
Professor Wilkinson didn't have on-campus office hours, but he was available by text or email most times of the day. He is a very down-to-earth guy and matter-of-fact when telling students what is expected. He gives great examples of all of the types of speeches and assignments. A great class simply for improving skills, not just for the credit.
Professor Wilkinson is an amazing speech teacher. If you follow the criteria on the grading sheet, you should do fine. He is a tough grader on the speeches, but other assignments and lots of extra credit will help boost your grade. He cares a lot about his students and he is always willing to help out outside of class. Highly recommend this class!!
It was a great class that helped me to improve in many areas
