Yes, Professor Spranger is very real guy! He can come off as hard head, but he teaches so that you actually learn the material. I have always struggled in school, but I put in the work for Spranger and I did just fine in his class.
Gives a lot of extra credit on random days but this class takes a lot of work to pass. He outlines exactly what to do to get a good grade and theres no way around it.
This was the hardest class I have ever taken, only because of Marty stranger. It has come to my attention that his name has actually become a laughing stock on campus due to his reputation of being so awful. Do not take his class.
Dr. Spranger may seem indimidating at first, but once you get to know him he is a very considerate person. His goal is to challange you to create a self sustaining drive towards academic excellence. Yes, the class covers A LOT of material, and can seem a bit overwhelming, but it is worth it in the long run.
Gives great lectures really cares about his students gives great advice about studying you learn a ton makes physiology super interesting only negative is the class is time demanding
Dr. Spranger genuinely cares about the success of his students. He frequently adjusts exam scores to account for questions missed by the majority and offers extra credit. There are attendance points and easy online homework which helps your grade. He will give hints about what class will have the tophat quiz so youre prepared He is very encouraging
Professor Spranger ensures that his students learn the material of the class. You may have to work a little harder in this class, but it is so rewarding by the end. USE HIS STUDY SKILLS TECHNIQUE! I lived by this in his class and 4.0. It is very possible and I use his study skills in my classes now.
Professor Sprnager has a reputation for being tough, however, he is extremely easy if you just follow his guide for passing the class. Some people say he is tough but thats only because he wants you to actually learn the material, not just memorize the words on a slide. If you put in the work, you will be rewarded!
Dr. Spranger is by far one of the best professors I have ever had and definitely one of my favorites. He gives you all of the tools and information that you need to do well in this class, you just have to put in the work. He truly cares about people succeeding and is always willing to help students understand the topics to do well in the class.
One of the most rewarding classes Ive taken! However, you will DEFINITELY have to work for it. Listen to the lecture recordings and take good notes on the slides. I learned more in this class than most classes but you will have to study a ton to do well.
Dr. Spranger's class is a tough class because he is giving out so much material. Unlike some professors that don't teach the material very well Dr. Spranger goes over all of the material you need to know for the exams its just up to you to go over it. He can seem intimidating at first but he has a big heart and genuinely cares about his students.
You will have to work hard for your grade, but it will be worth it. He makes sure you are actually learning, and not just going through the motions. He gives you all the tools and tips necessary to succeed, and if you take his advice, you will be successful. He is very willing to help you succeed if you ask. I now use his tips for all my classes.
Professor Spranger is very knowledgeable and he is a great lecturer. If you go to his class, you will really learn a lot in an hour and half. He is willing to help students outside the class as well. He is fair and caring for students. Put effort in, and you will get great grades!
Marty was one of the best professors I've had. Although the class may seem difficult at first, if you are willing to put in effort and try to learn the material you will see the results you want. He is fair when it comes to his tests and if you think that something was unfair he will give you the opportunity to overturn it. Great professor overall.
Professor Spranger was one of my favorite Professors at Michigan State University by far. He is an intellectual and is beyond knowledgeable when it comes to the fields that he teaches. He was more than happy to help me outside the class room during his office hours and provided many opportunities so students could do excel in the class.
Marty is a tough grader with tests that can be difficult, but for good reason. He wants his students to be successful in upper level biology classes. Anything worth doing takes effort. This class prepares you for ever other science class on campus. It will pay off
For an intro level course, goes way in depth. Spends about 4 lectures on one body system and then ends up falling behind and not covering lots of other body systems. Tests are insanely hard and averages were around the 60-70s, but gives extra credit sometimes. If possible, take with some other prof. This class will dominate your schedule.
Spranger is my favorite professor I've had in college. You have to take a lot of your time out of your semester to study for his exams but it's worth it. Make sure you follow his study skills videos. Office hours will definitely help and he has an awesome TA that takes a lot of his time to help students. He holds a lot of review sessions that help.
Professor Spranger is by far the best professor i've had. He puts in a lot of work to help students succeed. GO TO OFFICE HRS. Go to class for participation pnts and occasional quizzes. His exams are EXTREMELY hard. This class takes up your ENTIRE life. But material is super cool and you learn an insane amount of material. Favorite class i've taken
Terrible professor overall. Tests were very hard, he's very rude and he took pride on students receiving low grades. If you want to succeed, you will avoid his class at all costs.
