Possibly the worst professor I had in college. He is clearly into himself and chemistry more than he is in helping people understand the material. I went to his office hours to get help and he told me i was too stupid to pass the class and should consider switching majors from engineering to education or something. Not a nice guy
God awful teacher. Not clear and clearly doesnt care about his students well-being. Take anyone else.
Chem 1250 is extremely difficult but I guess it's not entirely Zellmer's fault that the class is so hard. He gives you plenty of practice material but you cannot fall behind. His exams are difficult and you need to go really fast to finish all the problems on them. Also, he wears a mic during lecture and it feels he is yelling at you for an hour.
1250 was definitely one of the toughest classes I've taken at OSU, but it would have been a whole lot worse without a professor like Zellmer. He cares a ton about his student's success; he holds helpful review sessions before tests, sends emails out all the time with help, and is very accessible with office hours. Tough class, great professor.
Dr. Zellmer is in a tough position. The 1250 class covers 20 chapters in a single semester, but that's not his fault. Zellmer though makes the best out of the situation. He provides every resource necessary to succeed (lecture notes, hw problems, practice tests), so its really about whether or not you're prepared to put in the work to succeed.
While Zellmer is known to be the hardest professor for the General Chemistry sequence, he truly respects and helps his students succeed. His notes are outstanding and will go out of his way at midnight to send emails to the entire class and to individuals who have questions. Do not fall behind - there is a lot of material to understand.
Tough but fair. He provides a lot of practice material for exams and quizzes.
Zellmer does not have a good reputation, but he does care about his students. He clearly spends a lot of time on his lectures and makes sure he is available for office hours. His exams are extremely difficult as they require a very deep understanding of the material and he expects a lot from students. Get ready for 10-15 emails a day from him.
Zellmer is by far the hardest professor I have ever had, but it is not because he is teaching wrong material like other professors in the chem department at OSU. I am retaking chem1220 in the SU and his exams are harder because they are not standardized like during AU and SP semester. I would not want another professor because hes that smart/good.
You can't simply 'learn' material. Be ready to apply it and have a deep understanding of it in order to do well.
Zellmer deserves the reputation he's given. That doesn't mean he is a bad teacher, but make sure to go to class and study pretty much everyday, even if its for an hour. Definitely go to his "how to study" classes. There's a pretty good curve (10 points overall), so just do above average on midterms and ace your lab reports and you should be fine.
The best professor I have ever had. His class is tough, but he cares a lot about his students and is so passionate about the subject he teaches. He is so knowledgeable and an extremely hard working professor; His hard work made me want to work even harder. He is always available, day and night, to help his students with any problems.
When you sign up for Zellmer's 1250 class, you might also want to open up amazon and buy a bottle of lube to apply before each lab, quiz, and midterm. This class moves so fast they should install seatbelts on the chairs in the lecture hall. Is this class possible? Yes. Just be ready to have zero free time. Social life? HA! forget about it. Avoid.
Constantly uses midnight emails to send out important course information; grades lab reports using outdated website
Bad things: Recommended homework is impossible to get finished. The weekly quizzes are graded very hard. Weed-out course with a high level of commitment. Good things: He cares about you learning. He gives EXCELLENT premidterm reviews. You will learn a lot because you will need to in order to pass. Responds to emails immediately. Scary smart prof.
Chem II is a difficult class, but professor Zellmer explains the content in a clear, understandable, manner. He uses a lot of slides in his class and all of them are available for students online to look at or follow along, as desired. He seems to care about the material and student achievement.
I took AP CHEM in high school and greatly helped me. You definitely dont need it to succeed. I was able to skip lectures, although I dont recommend it. Learn how to take his tests, dont learn his content. Hes well informed and loves chemistry. I learned how the tests work and finessed my way thru. My 91.38 turned out to be an A (4.0).
Dr. Zellmer is a good professor. People complain because the class is hard, and it is because of the fact that it's Chemistry 1 and a majority of 2 combined in one semester. If you keep up with homework assignments, as well as go to lectures and office hours, you should be fine. You don't need to have taken AP Chem to take this class.
All tests are hard and averages are about 60 to 70. While he is a really a smart and nice guy. Tons of emails every week. I tried to send him emails later than 1 am before exams and he replied in 15 minutes. I am reviewing the final exam tomorrow and writing my comments. Will take his class again next semester and have enrolled in.
He sent like 30 emails before school started. He will continue to send lots of emails. He will challenge you to study on your own by making the tests really difficult. Great weed out class. He's really helpful if you go to office hours and he's really nice if you get to know him. Don't judge him by the difficult of the class :)
