Honestly, this class is fairly easy and full of interesting content. There is a decent amount of homework to do, but listening to the lectures is actually very entertaining. I love the Beatles and learning about and hearing songs preformed by John, Paul, George, and Ringo. Did not care for the professor. Does not care about his student's success.
If you do the work you will pass. I was able to finish the portions of the course the day the sections were open (opens 1st half then 2nd later). Especially easy if you have prior knowledge of the music group. I will be taking the Elvis course next semester. Highly recommend!
Shellans was great! You can really tell he is passionate which makes his lectures enticing. There's a lot so be ready to pay attention, but it is very focused on what who is playing or who wrote it. You don't need the book but it does help with test questions. He opens up half the course so you can really tbh do it in the weekend!
This class is super easy, if you use your "resources." I did not buy the book and easily got an A still, even though it was a month long class. Assignments take 5 minutes, there's 3-4 tests NOT on Respondus Lockdown, and 2 discussion boards. Take this class as an elective!
There are 10+ hours of lecture per exam times 4 exams. If you take detailed notes throughout, it takes twice as long to get through. Exam questions come from the most minute details that he mumbles through in the lectures. Read other reviews, they say cheating is only way this class is easy. Doing the actual work takes hours upon hours.
Beatles class was too cool. get a Course Hero Account and you'll pass without having to read the book. you can watch the lectures and it will def help. Class was super interesting I've found a new love for the Beatles. he unlocks half the class day one and the other half 2-3 weeks in. I finished both in two days about 3 hours each day.
I took the "Elvis" class this semester, easy A! There are two DB posts, four exams, and a couple of homework assignments throughout the semester. Get a course hero account in order to help you out. Make sure to use "chrome" when taking this online course. There are recordings used as questions that won't work on Safari.
I took the class on Elvis and it was super interesting and very easy. Nice glass to use as an elective and GPA booster.
If you love the Beatles and want an easy A take this class. It's all pretty straight forward and easy.
The class was a pain. Take the class if you dont have a huge workload in your other classes. The tests are taken right from the lecture but the lectures add up to hours upon hours.
Only take this class if you get a course hero account. I didn't hate it or anything, but the professor was pretty ridiculous on the tests. I would listen to all his lectures (adding up to be hours) and then go to take the test and most of the questions would be on tiny details he briefly mentioned throughout the lecture.
I took the MUS354 Elvis class that counted as elective credit and as long as you have a Coursehero account, you will ace this class no problem. This class was very easy and also very interesting. There are 4 tests on the 4 chapters covered, 2 easy discussion board posts, and 3 mini quizzes per chapter. All answers for quizzes and exams are online!
This class was very easy. I was able to finish it in just 2 days (Half the class is open on the first day, the rest after a few weeks). Answers can be found online and I had a relatively fun time learning about the Beatles by doing this.
Took this for an UD credit and was well worth it. Audio lectures take some time due to having to pause often to type notes but isn't hard to dedicate time to it. Take good notes because the smallest detail could be on the exam. There is always course hero too. I already finished the course and it doesn't end until Oct.
Everyone says this class is so easy and can finish it in 2 days. NOT TRUE. Lectures are recorded and very heavy. The teacher speaks too fast and mumbles so you are not able to catch all of his notes. Tests heavy on super detail questions. I am a bio major and would never take this class again as answers online on course hero are NOT always right.
Flat out it's an easy A. That aside, I really enjoyed the subject matter (I took Women Who Rock) and learned a lot more than I originally knew. Great class and great professor.
don't waste your money on the books. was a fun class. not hard at all.
This was for sure the most simple class I have ever taken. I got all of the answers online and finished the course in only two days (he only opens half the course up at first). I used Shazam for the sound bite questions and did all of the assignments on time and ended with an A. Was not time consuming at all, I almost forgot I even had this class.
Took the women who rock class and it was extremely easy- if you know how to use google you will get an A. Finished the first and second half of the class in less than an hour each.
MUS 354: Women Who Rock was my favorite out of the three MUS 354 classes I have completed so far. I would say this is the most enjoyable and easy MUS 354 class I have taken... Elvis and Beatles after Beatles weren't difficult, but I enjoyed the content in this class a lot more. All of the exam answers are common knowledge or Google-able!
