I cannot possibly say enough about how much I love, admire and respect this man!!!
Brother Bott has quite the personality.  If you come to class and take good notes you should do fine.  I wasn't always sure how applicable to a mission what he taught was, but for the most part content was useful.  He likes to tell stories about himself and advertised various things throughout, but if you get past that it wasn't a bad class.
Its been ten years since i graduated, but i often think about the religious understanding i gained from Brother Randy Bott. I often find myself relating to his lessons, or explaning them to others. That's saying alot, ten years later.  He was by far the most influential and inspiring teacher of all my university studies. Thank you Brother Bott!
Loved Brother Bott. The Mission Prep class itself was interesting and we learned some cool things but honestly it didn't prepare me for my mission at all (Book of Mormon class was better for that). Brother Bott's a great guy and great professor though.
He's gone now, but I enjoyed his class, it helped me get on a mission and I met my wife in his class. sure he said some incorrect things but his heart was in the right place.
One thing I liked about Brother Bott is that he tried to answer your questions. Maybe his answers were a bunch of baloney, but he didn't treat them like they were irrelevant.
Awesome Professor... Praise to the man!
Awesome Professor... Praise to the man!
Brother Bott was awesome! Sure he's human just like everyone else but he had so much knowledge to share and had the ability to really inspire those who wanted to hear. I found his class very interesting and enjoyable.
After taking his class, I'm unsure as to why everybody raves about this class. He seems to feed his students through the system. I feel like he tried to say outrageous things to get a reaction in class. I got tired of his antics and his rushing through repetitive stories. He always said he wasn't bragging and then proceeded to do so. Unimpressed.
Bro. Bott is funny, moving, powerful, entertaining, and one of the best all-around teachers I've ever had. He makes the class more about religion and less about tests and homework, which makes it an easy A but still a powerful, life changing experience. Full marks to Randy Bott. He definitely lives up to the amazing things people say about him.
Mission prep was amazing with Brother Bott. He can always bring the spirit and he is such an interesting person. The class was probably my favorite of the semester. There aren't that many assignments and they are all pretty doable. The take home "Celebrations" take away the stress of test taking.
The Bottmeister Rules. What a guy.
AWESOME TEACHER. AWESOME CLASS.  JUST AWESOME
Best class, best teacher I've ever had.  He blows all other religion teachers out of the water.  This guy is incredible.  Most interesting class ever.  He is a powerful teacher.  It was the most applicable class to life that I've ever taken.
If you're taking Mission Prep, take Bott.  His class is interesting and informative.  Getting an A is not difficult.  We spent a great deal of class time discussing doctrine, but also the practical side of being a missionary.  Great class.
Great teacher. Sure Bott is flawed like everyone else in the world, but that's what makes his class so interesting, even with the flaws the spirit was often palpable. He isnt interested in teaching a course, he is interested in teaching individuals to get up and do something. I didn't always agree with what he said, but in most cases I learned.
I LOVED Bro. Bott's class.  He gives such interesting insight.  We spent most of the year discussing gospel basics.  If you think you have the basics of the gospel down take Bro. Bott, and you will learn so much more!  Great lecturer!  It was my earliest class, but it was the one that was easiest to stay awake in.
Bro. Bott is an excellent teacher. Everything is backed up with scripture or quotes from prophets and he spends several hours a day answering students' questions or concerns because he truly wants to help every student.
the perfect religion teacher.  manual reading was annoying
