Loud and nasal but in a good way. Smart, friendly, chill, good looking, disorganized but very passionate
Tim is friendly and easy to work with. He wants you to do well. He is not afraid to put you on the spot, but he is light-hearted about it and will work through whatever you need. He can be a little messy, (sometimes disorganized and doesn't really know how to use technology) but it doesn't hinder your learning and it's what makes him fun.
Hilarious, class is always a blast!
Tim is very understanding and helpful during office hours and conversation sections. Great for First Year Russian.
Tim is the cultural and conversational professor for 1st year Russian. Sometimes the cultural lectures are disorganized, but he's overall very good: passionate, responsive, and willing to discuss things.
Tim is an amazing professor. He is high energy and gives fantastic lectures. He perfectly fosters a lot of student involvement, which contributes to how interesting his lectures are. He gives a lot of reading, but it is interesting. He is also super helpful in addressing any questions.
This was, quite possibly, the most pointless class I had ever taken. I did not learn anything useful in this class and half the time Harte didn't know what he was talking about.
Tim Harte is an amazing teacher. While some lectures can be hard to follow, overall the amount of knowledge I've gained from him is vast. If you are confused, you can easily contact him and he is there to help. Would recommend all Russian literature classes he teaches
Mediocre professor. Nabokov class wasn't my best experience at BMC.
Tim is a helpful and supportive teacher! He supervised my independent study.
Tim Harte gets a bad rep, mostly due to his somewhat awkward personality and disorganized lectures, but for the most part, he is a passionate and interesting instructor. If you put effort into the reading and class discussions, you will learn a lot, and his class is graded in a pretty reasonable manner.
He is friendly and engaging, if a bit awkward. A lot of class discussion is student-led, so if you come prepared, you'll learn a lot. Overall a nice guy and a decent teacher.
He's got no sense of humor and his analytical skills are really weak for a PH.D. I liked Chekhov before I took his class. He effectively killed my interest. Too dry.
If you're willing to apply yourself, Tim is an incredible teacher. Funny, smart, and willing to spend as much time helping you as you need. If you're not willing to put in the effort, his classes might not be the best, as he doesn't spoon feed the material.
Prof Harte appears to be unassertive. But I think if u really know ur stuff well and ask him specific questions, u often can get a lot out of him. It seems his primary goal is to help students HAVE FUN learning about arts  - as for assignments, I think as long as ur writing is clear and u support ur thesis well, he will give u very good grades.
Tim Harte is not a good teacher. He was very vague, never labeled slides for this class which was annoying and his feedback wasn't helpful at all. Nobody else teaches Russian Literature or Art classes in Bryn Mawr. So you're stuck with Tim Harte if you're interested in these subjects (monopoly).
Dr. harte is passionate about Nabokov and knows his stuff, but he has inflexible specific expectancy for his assignments he is never  clear about. I wish we had more writing assignments and more clarity.
Harte is a great professor hands down. He is incredibly passionate about what he teaches and his Russian Avant Garde class was very informative. I learned a lot, and the movies we watched and artworks we discussed were fascinating. Additionally, his feedback on essays was super helpful and he's really funny.
I didn't like the class. Harte was very vague about what he expected. It's kind of mean to be harsh in grading when you don't make it clear what you expect. He is definitely very unassertive and insecure. The more insecure he gets, the louder he gets.
Tim was a wonderful professor. I took his Silent Film course and it was very evident how much he loves the subject. I am now taking another class with him mainly because he is the professor.
