Basically just lectured and watched movies the entire semester. Nothing he talks about has much relavence. He gives you the exam questions ahead of time so you just have to prepare those. Really boring and not very enjoyable. Im sure hes a nice person outside of class.
Very passionate about politics &amp; teaching. Encourages discussion a lot, as long as you go to class you will be fine. Watch a lot of movies, but they are informative!! He gives the test questions ahead of time so you can prepare and it's easy to get good grades on the tests and he offers extra credit. I would take him again.
Can sometimes ramble on about random things that dont matter and you watch a good amount of movies/ videos. Only 3 exams and a term paper. Tells you what is going to be on exams so they arent too bad.
This professor is a firecracker! One must pay attention and take good notes to keep up, but his lectures are definitely interesting. He encourages discussion, covers a lot of important material, and he finds a way to relate the material to current events. He gets fired up. 10/10 recommend.
As long as you show up to class and write down what he says you'll be fine. He gives you the exam questions ahead of time and allows you to ask questions during review. Overall he's a great professor with a deep passion for politics
DO NOT TAKE. Worst experience I've ever had when it comes to professors at CMU. The first day of class, I had read the reviews online here but went in with an open mind. Horrible decision. He ridiculed me in front of the entire class because I said "God bless." He continued to bring up how stupid I was for being religious. Horrible lectures as well
He had zero outlines and would always write random unrelated words on the board with arrows. No study guides, and no way to tell if a lecture is important or not. Very little organization or blackboard materials. Quite old fashioned.
Syllabus said if you have over 5 absences, points will be taken off. Well, I skipped class about 10 times &amp; my grade wasnt affected at all. His lectures are long, boring, and pretty pointless. He gave the essay qs before the exam. I opened the book once and ended with an A. Take this class for an easy A, even though going to class will be a drag.
Don't take this guy. Does nothing but lecture for the whole class period and has no note structure whatsoever. Super tough when grading the essay questions on the exams. Always says the questions come from the readings in the books, they don't. Save yourself the trouble and find another professor for this class because this guy is really bad.
Class is strictly lectures. He gets very carried away in lectures and it is hard to decipher what is important and what is not. His tests are extremely difficult and he grades the four essays very hard. He says to use the readings from the book but they have no correlation to the tests other than a few random facts that seem unrelated to the course
He's very lecture heavy, doesn't give outlines. He has an unusual sense of humor and can sometimes be taken as being mean. Go to his office hours, he is always willing to work with you outside of class! Great guy one on one but in class, he can come off as a bit rude.
Well I ended up dropping this class. He took over a month to grade our first exam, the first exam had nothing from lecture or the book (which you will be spending a lot of time with), and lectures are awful. Will single you out and make you feel stupid. My academic advisor recommended I take this at comm. college and I hope everyone does the same
All of his exams are in essay format, and you have to write 3 essays per exam, in class. If you are not a fast or good writer would not recommend. Does give a list of prompts about a week before and you choose your three topics. Loves to go on tangents and give his opinion. A big research paper is given on topic of your choice. Would take again.
I would not recommend taking this class with  Stewart. He does not provide any power points or any structure of notes at all. He just lectures every single day for the whole class period. The only things that were graded in this class were your exams and a five page paper you had to write. You have to read the book and teach yourself everything.
He is friendly and will get to know you if you meet with him. Help is there if you ask for it. He's not going to hold your hand and walk you through the textbook, it's up to you to spend the time and read it. The lecture can get off topic but its because he wants us to discuss what's going on in the world and how it relates to the class.
The classes aren't that bad, he doesn't write down notes or have an outline so it's up to you to listen and take notes. The exams are not too hard as long as you pay attention and read the chapters. He has an exam review and gives you the questions for the essay in advance. If you put in the work you will be fine.
He was ok, went on tangents but expected stuff to be on exams. Does give you essay questions early to study and has review day class before exam, ask questions. Watches lots of movies.. takes attendance every class
I'm usually not too picky but he is awful. He belittles students and I felt like I had to hide in the back so he would not see me. He is very arrogant and has a specific opinion on politics that he shoves down your throat (even though it should be mutual because it's a political science class). If theres another option for a teacher, go with them.
Lectures have nothing to do with the course at all. You will see something for the first time on the exam. He takes attendance, and he has strong opinions, and if you don't agree with him he will argue back with you like a 5 year old. If you have a question he makes you feel dumb about it and wont give you a clear answer. Tons of EC, and a paper.
DO NOT TAKE A CLASS WITH THIS PROFESSOR! This was by far the worst professor I have ever had in my life. He is extremely unclear on what will be on the exams; his lectures often go off topic and are very confusing. You are graded on three tests, a group discussion project and a term paper.
