Dr. B is extremely hard to follow during lecture, they're very confusing and many times he doesn't even introduce a topic. He'll just start talking about something random then moves on without explanation of what he is even talking about. I leave lecture lost almost everyday, and even rewatching them doesn't help.
If you want to be in a learning environment and also be welcomed, don't ever go to his office hours. I go to his 1-2x a week and I'm not sure if it's because I want to break through his meanness or whatever. I feel completely invalidated and idiotic after leaving his office. No matter his position, he should be formally evaluated or something.
If you're willing to work, Dr. B is willing to help. Don't expect to blow off biochem or not pay attention in lecture. Put in honest effort, and he will be there to assist at every step! Honestly a great prof - one of the best I've had at Michigan! Don't listen to those negative comments about him. Get to know him, attend office hours and work hard
Dr. B is truly awesome. Amazing lectures and VERY willing to helpful IF you are willing to put in the time. No-nonsense prof that can sometimes be humorous and sarcastic but in good taste. Strict but extremely caring if you demonstrate effort and investment in the class. Pay attention in lecture to follow his slides. Exams are hard but not undoable
Dr. B is conceited and very monotoned in lecture. He brushes off certain concepts that we've learned in other courses at the University and assumes you "learned it in grade school". He doesn't truly care about students' success and is a much harder grader than Dr. N. Overall, his lectures are of a lower quality and so is he.
Dr. B is super helpful if you go to office hours, but thats the thing. You almost always feel like you have to go because his lectures are really bad. He talks way too fast and his slides were confusing.
Dr. B is a decent teacher. He's passionate and knowledgeable about the material, but I think immunology in particular is a very complicated subject which can be challenging to teach regardless of proficiency level. I had difficulty learning in this class initially, but many other students did not, so you may have a better experience with Dr. B.
Thought he was a great biochem professor. Super clear about what you need to know, and it's obvious he's been doing this a long time. If you put in the work, it's most definitely possible to do well on his exams. Wish he was the only one that taught this class!
Dr. B is fantastic. He is very tough but clear on what he expects from his students. He actually makes biochemistry entertaining and tolerable. Extremely helpful if you take advantage of office hours and is always willing to help.
Dr. B is an exceptional biochem professor. He gets the point across, and explains the material extremely well. I would recommend re-watching all of the lectures because he talks very very fast sometimes. He can be pretty sassy, but it's honestly pretty funny. He's also super approachable in office hours.
He is a very engaging lecturer, and does a good job of presenting a large volume of material. However, he can also be a bit sassy in person, so I'd recommend approaching your GSI for one on one clarification. The exams are entirely based on lectures, so definitely re watch them before each midterm and rewrite your notes.
Dr. B is a wonderful professor who teaches biochemistry well and wants to ensure that all his students fully understand it and succeed. Is it a tough class? Absolutely, but only because of the volume of the material. Dr. B is really kind &amp; approachable. He will point out when you are wrong, but does so very respectfully. Study hard &amp; ask questions!
Dr. B is a great professor who teaches well and is always open to questions. It's clear that he truly wants the best for his students. That being said, the class itself is difficult, and there is a lot of material to memorize. However, the exams are all very fair and Dr. B is always accessible through piazza, email, or office hours.
Go to office hours, join a study group, and attend discussion and you'll be fine.  I personally loved this class and learned a lot from it.  Dr. B is very approachable in person and genuinely wants his students to succeed.  Memorize the slides word for word and don't bother reading the book if you're looking for an A.
In all honesty, Dr. B was the worst professor I've taken at the University. His general attitude makes students afraid to ask questions in lecture or attend office hours. The grading criteria was very unclear and the exams were near-impossible. He's incredibly smart and knowledgeable about biochemistry but honestly  it's not worth your GPA.
really hard and nit picky have fun! he has Attitude (capital A)!! he's very engaging and throws in some empathy towards his students haha he's very intimidating to ask questions to but he will do so if you do have any :) good luck!
Dr. B was a fine lecturer who clearly cares a lot about the material.  The lectures themselves are intrinsically too dense to absorb in one sitting, so I can't really blame him for the nature of studying biochem.  He could be kinda harsh - would say "meaning no disrespect" right before disrespecting you.  His energy is great though!
Dr. B may seem tough during lecture, but he is very helpful if you go to office hours. He really does care about students doing well and will help you with any questions you have on the lectures and on the cell map. Reading is completely not necessary so don't rent the book. His lectures provide everything you need to know for exams. Study weekly!
Kenneth was a poor instructor. Although biochem is known for being a difficult class he just made it more difficult than it had to be. Was very rude to students at lecture and office hours. Would not recommend taking biochem with him unless it is a MUST
Condescending. Makes students feel horrible for asking questions. Made me hate going to class. Would not recommend
