He didn't do much teaching.
If you go to class, do the graded assignments, take the practice exams, you will get at least a 3 in this class. probably higher. Many of the students complain about the exam being hard, or how they were completely unprepared for it. They don't go to class, or read the slides. The slides have all the answers.
One of the best professors I had in my all higher education. Certainly on the very top at MSU Eli Broad Dept of Economics. He cultivated the desire to study economics in me which was later destroyed by some very poor professors in the very same department. I regard Prof Obst as an excellent economics and a wonderful mentor.
The tests are absolutely impossible and the grading system is ridiculous. This class works for those 3% of students who are actually interested in Econ. However, if you are like the other 97% who just need to get a pre-req out of the way, then prepare to struggle. Obst is an incredibly corny teacher. I personally was not a fan, whatsoever.
Lectures were fairly easy to follow, but the concepts were difficult to understand. Writing down all of the equations and vocabulary words helps. I recommend taking a lot of detailed notes. Exams didn't really follow lecture very well. Walked out of the final thinking I failed the class. Not sure how I got a 3.0.
Lectures online and lecture hours are for questions and going over HW problems. Exams are really hard but you get a page of notes with you on the exams. If you do the practice exams you're set, but they are hard. Weird grading, but if you 4.0 the final you 4.0 the class. You can take this class in a 17+ credit load (minimal to no work needed).
Do the problem sets and get a 4 point.  People make this class seem harder than it is.  He is always there to help you and tells you how to get a 4 point on his tests.
He doesn't go over Powerpoints in class and instead goes over random problems. The Powerpoints make little to no sense without a lecture with them. Despite this the tests are extremely hard. So if you want to struggle through teaching economics to yourself I would recommend a different professor
Rambling, uninformative lectures. Derogatory tone when talking to students. In his own world, should retire.
he posts everything online so his lectures are pointless. If you do choose to go you'll spend most of the class on twitter because he is boring and drones on. Also in the online practice stuff he posts a lot of his answers are wrong and don't match what the book says at all. If you respect your GPA at all, find a different prof
I barely went to lectures, since he posts them online. Everything you need (notes, hw, and more) is online. He also offers skype options for extra help, and he is a funny and nice guy. The exams are hard but just practice with the example tests and you should end up doing well!
He is the worst prof I have ever met. He is challenging in that he makes you teaching yourself without any help rather that the online materials. The lecture is 100% from the online materials so you don't have to go to lectures. The first week of the class he recommend to change your section, because you may fail this course with him :s !!
Hard class but if you work hard you will do fine. He encourages us to ask questions when we don't understand yet people don't and they get mad when they fail exams. I went to every class did what he said to do and I got a 4.0 and I wasn't the smartest back in high school. Work hard and you will do fine
There was a lot of online practice available to help master the material. Utilizing the online practice and activities helped my comprehension of the material, although I did not always get as good of grades as I expected. The grading was hard, but if you do the practice you'll be fine.
Alright let me tell you something, Professor Obst is a wonderful man. Very nice and helpful. I love school &amp; have always done well. But this class was hard, he was very boring &amp; dry. I recommend studying alot &amp; going to the help room if you have or will have him. But really try to do well on homework! If you like challenging class take this one.
Don't bother going to class, don't bother buying the book. Just look over the powerpoints online and do all the practice exams. If you do the practice exams and practice tests. You can't fail. You just have to teach yourself everything. You can use a page of notes on exams and two pages on the final so there should be no reason to fail. I got a 3.5
The negativity on here is bc he teaches 1000+ kids per semester and only the s**theads come on and complain. He gives you plenty of resources, online and off (help room/ skype hour/ email). You get to use a full sheet of paper on exams bc mainly you have to practice the concepts rather than memorize. Excellent professor if you apply yourself!
If you get Obst, don't bother going to class, just use the stuff he puts on Angel, he doesn't cover anything in class. I'm just glad I took AP Econ in high school so it wasn't all new. He honestly doesn't care if you fail, he tells you "If you do bad, it's your fault you didn't try hard enough" Try to get a different prof if possible
Obst was a funny old man but he was very challenging. I didn't think the class was as difficult as everyone is saying. If you watch all the lectures (he puts them online) you should be totally fine.
Not sure why all the negativity surrounding Obst on here. I thought the class was extremely easy and manageable. If there is anything that needs more explaining, the online notes are great. You are also allowed a note sheet for exams and two sheets for the final. Homework is easy as well. I would recommend having Obst.
