Very good professor. Teach economics not just based on textbook. Lectures are stimulating. Tests are not hard if you are willing to think. Would recommend.
I wouldn't take it again!
Although I am not a Economics major, I enjoyed this class a lot. Harry was very clear at his explanations and would not mind to repeat unclear concepts. Honestly, I dislike his arrogant attitude. CLASS STRUCTURE: Final grade is NOT curved, so you better work hard for an A. This class is based on 3 exams for which each question is worth 1 point.
Explains concepts clearly - but goes really slow. Useful for students who aren't used to economics concepts but unbearably boring to sit in lectures where he panders to students like we're kids. Grading system is ridiculous - one point  one percent. Some questions on tests are vaguely framed, meant to trick you, and other answers often have merit.
Kits isn't helpful at all. The tests aren't that hard, but you will NEED to study by the book. He barely covers any of the material in each chapter. Again, not that difficult, but you MUST STUDY BY THE BOOK.
By far worst economics professor of all time. Test are not hard but his lectures are useless. scares people that the test is coming from the lectures but it did not happen once. Everything comes out of textbook. Arrogant and always complaining. In this way, he never builds any bonds with students. Doesnt try to listen to us. bet my life on my rate.
There were only three assignments for this class - three tests that add up to 100 points. These are incredibly easy if you read the book and attend (at least some) lectures. Professor is a cool dude and makes the lectures entertaining. Really good for an intro level course.
Pretty decent class. Grading set-up is simple: every point you get wrong on the tests is a point off your average. Tests are heavily based on the textbook so if you read them closely you'll be okay, even if you miss class. The professor is entertaining and makes concepts clear and memorable. Accent was sometimes distracting, not unbearable though.
This guy is the hardest grader you will ever have for a class with essays in it. But his lectures are engaging and eye-opening. He takes economic ideas and applies them to comment on society and how (he believes) it should be fixed. Definitely one of the best classes I've taken here. But this is NOT an easy class. I barely passed.
Prof Kitsikopoulus is funny, knows his stuff and most importantly is a great teacher. He conducts class in an engaging way, encourages participation and uses real world examples to explain the concepts. Tests are tough but you learn a lot. This was definitely one of my favorite classes because of Kitz
Grade is derived from  a total of 100 questions over 3 exams. Solid A is less than 6 wrong. Getting an A- is VERY easy, but getting an A is very tough. You must read the book (there are a couple fact based questions each test that are only found in book). The questions are designed to trick you, pay attention to wording. Great professor, engaging.
Kitz is da man! He is extremely funny and explains subject material well using a great amount of detail and relatable examples, so go to class! Downside, he only has three exams that count for the whole class &amp; they're super tricky! So, pay attention in class and make sure you get the book!!
awful
super awesome prof, just be sure to read the textbook. talks about relevant current events which helps a lot
Kitsikopoulos is a great professor &amp; lecturer. He is very entertaining and tells funny jokes during class. He is also easy to approach with questions.  The only thing is that grades a 100% based off exams, and the final exam was really difficult (average final exam score of fall 2013 was about 71%).
Great guy, good at taking care of those kids who try to show off. His grading system is ridiculous and the material is hard. If you want to do well, read the textbook and go to lecture. If you can't bring yourself to do either, drop the course. Not worth the stress.
He's a funny guy and a good professor, but his grading system is killer. You can only get 6 questions wrong throughout the semester to get an A (which I was one away from getting...)
One of the easiest Econ classes at NYU. He is entertaining during lecture and I learned a lot. If you dislike this class or find it hard then its a good indication you shouldn't be an econ major. There were three exams and each one got more challenging, but overall the class was pretty easy.
The materials are not that hard, but it is the way he chooses to grade that drops most people's grade. If you made one mistake on one of the exams, you lose one point on your final grade. I studied a lot and ended up with an A-, but I am pretty sure those who get As do not necessarily know much better than I do. I did enjoy his lectures though.
I was hestitant to take this class but his lectures were really clear and helpful. Its important to read the book but in class he emphasizes important parts you may have skimmed over when reading. Grading scale is awesome- 75 is a B. Pretty good prof overall
