Worst teacher I've ever had. Lecture notes are hardly explained, extremely sparse &amp; any math is done by him in class. The math he does do is very graph heavy, not helpful for application. Rude to students &amp; doesn't offer help if asked questions. Test q's are very hard to prepare for. Much learning comes from dense economic articles w/ no guidance.
Mertens believes that forcing students to adhere to his unforgiving and redundant teaching system is the best way to learn. He cites recent studies as evidence, and fails to take into account student learning styles. His attitude toward the class is rude, evident by his syllabus in which he mocks FAQs and threatens to lower grades for accidents.
online Econ class was absolutely awful. Assigns multiple chapters for one exam. Exam questions are nothing like the notes he posts online. Literally took him weeks to respond to multiple emails about questions and is not very helpful when you ask for reasoning or why something is as it is. Would highly not recommend.
Doesn't provide any feedback at all and is very hard to get ahold of
By far the hardest class I have taken. The professor is unhelpful and a tough grader. Very unfair. Avoid this course it will ruin your semester and stress you out.
Professor Mertens is a nice guy, but lecture notes and lectures are extremely dry. He makes you learn on your own by doing Group Assignments and isn't much help in the classroom.
The worst professor ever! I took his online class and I learned nothing, not helpful at all. Totally just wasted my money and time. If you want to learn something, don't take his class.
Just a very unhelpful professor. Will not be taking again.
Had him for 2010 online. He taught me nothing. All I did was read the textbook. Don't recommend taking his online course.
Bill is a great professor. Don't get me wrong, his classes are tough, but if you put in the effort you'll do fine. Lectures usually involve problems for solving in small groups, so he makes you think instead of just spoon-feeding you or just having you memorize the steps. Problem sets are given out only as exam practice.
Hardest teacher I have ever had, if you are not an applied mathematics major good luck, he assumes you know everything and moves at a very fast pace. Not helpful at all worst teacher i have ever had
Terrible, terrible professor. Calling him a professor would imply he taught me something, however. Avoid at all costs.
Grade is based only on midterms and in class assignments. He explains very quickly but always willing to go over things if asked. Very helpful and approachable, tests are tough, and posts review sets and their answers on d2l. Previous textbook ed is pretty much the same, which you'll use for problem reviews.
Best teacher I had at CU - by far. I think I asked for questions every day after class and he always took the time to explain more. Math doesnt come easy for me - but Billy made it easy.
I really enjoyed taking this class with Billy. He really knows the material and is very clear about what he expects from you on the test. Look at his study guides, look over the group problems,  and attend class regularly! As with most econ classes, spend more time on concepts, not on specifics. You should be able to get the grade you want!
This professor taught me nothing. His powerpoints are vague and uninformative, and he won't help you if you ask for it. Be prepared to learn everything by yourself, and don't expect him to tell you (even after you submit the tests and get your grades) what the correct answers should be. Absolutely terrible teacher
It was an online class and I understand a lot of that is figuring things out for yourself but his notes were so vague, they read as if I was supposed to know all this information already even though it was an INTRO class. When I asked for help he made me feel small and stupid. Terrible teacher. Just terrible
By far the worst teacher I have had at CU. Doesn't teach and expects you to know all the material. Billy simply review al the slides as if we all had prior knowledge. Billy also taught intermediate macro in an introductory course. Very confusing. He has officially made me hate my minor. Do not take his class, b/c you are better of teaching yourself
If I knew Billy was going to teach likes this I would have dropped his class in the first week. He just sits in his chair in the front of the room reading the lecture slides. He doesn't teach at all, more like he reads the slides and expects us to understand what he said. If you are in his class, you are better off teaching it to yourself.
Great teacher only for UPPER division. In his intro to Macro he almost always introduced a concept without fully explaining the what it meant or its purpose. Unfortunately he seemingly expected us to already have prior background knowledge- leaving us to teach ourselves the basic information, concepts and principals. Required a lot of outside work.
