He Is a nice, very accessible teacher. He makes an effort to help the students and clarify the tough concepts. Chemistry is confusing in and of itself, and the fact that it's a flipped class makes the course harder, but he tries to help the students and he is fair.
McPhail's lectures are confusing, at least for me (my class was reversed classroom). Better to skip the lecture and read the book, paying attention to the small rules and quirks about topics. Attendance for the applications is required if you want to pass. The tests are pretty tricky too, but if you take SAGE and go into office hours, you'll be ok.
His lectures were very ehh. He doesn't make things as clear as Roy does, but that may be because his chapters for the class made less sense to me in general. He's a very nice teacher though and is very available outside of class.
he teaches the more math-y parts of chem 101, so his lectures are inherently a little painstaking to listen to. but he drops in some jokes and i think he makes an actual effort to make the lectures and class enjoyable. :-)
Not as great a lecturer as Roy, and his handwriting on the chalkboard is hard to read. He writes easier exams than Roy, but you still have to read the textbook if you want to have any idea what's going on in class.
For me, reading the textbook before class was a must. I got the most out of MacPhail's lectures by taking notes beforehand and then just listening to him talk and watching him do examples. His exam questions are pretty straightforward, but make sure you can reliably do computations so as not to lose easy points.
His lectures are fine. I preferred just reading the textbook and doing the unit plan. He was nice and accessible outside of class
Professor MacPhail is my favorite professor I've ever had. His name may be MacPhail but if you think hard about chemistry then you will DEF McPass this class!!
Dr. MacPhail is so responsible. His lectures can get intense, and maybe boring for other students, but they're great for anyone who actually cares about chemistry. He clearly loves his subject and is always willing to explain confusion outside of class. Friendly man, great class. Take it if you care about Chem.
Never fear, you can MacPass in Dr MacPhails class if you put in the effort. I actually preferred him over Roy. Hes to the point, but maintains a sense of humor. He has long hippie hair, probably because he went to Oberlin, but dont let that fool you. Hes a smart man.
Doctor Richard MacPhail made me a better person
Not a particularly good lecturer, especially compared with Roy. He definitely writes easier exams than Roy, but lecture was not helpful.
Dr. MacPhail sometimes co-teaches the class with Dr. Roy, which can be a bit confusing because their teaching styles differ. He gives you examples instead of explaining what's happening and why.  The tests are difficult and the Sapling doesn't help much. The labs were simple most of the time and didn't really have anything to do with the lecture.
Dr. MacPhail oversaw this lab course, and he graded some of the writing assignments. Grading criteria were somewhat clear, but could have been clearer.
Literally the least helpful professor I have ever taken a class with. He makes me angry. I almost regret my choice of college because of this man.
Dr. MacPhail is a really smart guy; however, he moves very fast and lectures are usually hard to follow. I enjoyed Roy more. MacPhail just does not seem to understand that some students do not know the material and need actual explanation. He is a pretty nice guy, but I would definitely read the textbook before class.
Professor MacPhail explains concepts clearly and is extremely helpful during office hours. All around great guy. Highly recommend as a professor.
Great guy, very smart. Too smart for me at least. I couldn't keep up. I ended up skipping class and reading the textbook and working ALL the suggested problems to stay afloat in this class. labs and discussion saved my grade. The exams are super hard. Don't depend on lectures alone to prepare you.
Horrible lecturer. He knows what he's talking about but he doesn't make it clear to you.
Doesn't tell you what you need to know. Lectures are useless, no exceptions.
