Jim Brau is great. Overall I feel that the key in this class is its amazing organization and access to practice problems and solutions guides. It is organized so well that you could figure out the entire class and do well on the test just by working problems and reading the book.
Jim Brau is the MOST CARING TEACHER. He really cares about his students. He is a great teacher and he uploads a video of each class to Youtube. I always went to class and then when I was preparing for exams I would rewatch the classes online and do practice problems. Brau is inspiring. His class takes some work but he makes it doable.
I would definitely recommend this professor! His lectures are very entertaining and the class is very easy. He posts his lectures on YouTube, so don't bother going to class and instead watch the YouTube at double speed and skip the boring stuff liKe his "spiritual thoughts". Our third midterm 170+ people got 100%. Take it if you want an easy A!
At the first of the semester I thought I made a bad choice by choosing Bro. Brau. I did horrible on the first exam but luckily you get to drop 1 out of the 5 tests, excluding the final. I got used to his teaching, then Holmes subbed, and I decided I like Brau better. But holy crap dude, a little less pre-workout might be smart.
Dr. Brau is very inspirational, very helpful, and very caring. He has genuine interest in his students. The class is graded only on midterms and a final. Know everything that happens in every lecture, study the pre-exams, do practice problems, and memorize what you need to memorize. The class is very straightforward and well taught.
Take Finance 201 from Brau. Trust me. I had Holmes last semester and dropped his class due to the difficulty of his tests. Although your grade in Brau's class is entirely based on exams, half of each exam is based on things discussed in the class notes. I find his tests more doable. I got great score on all of his exams. Do have to put in the work.
Brau is the bomb. Funny. Caring. Energetic. I was scared for his class because your grade is based on 100% tests, but if you put in the work you get the grade you deserve. 10/10 would recommend.
Brau is a great professor. No funny business with this guy. If you watch(youtube)/go to the lectures, and take diligent notes, you can get an A. This guy isn't out to trick you. If you understand the formulas and concepts in lecture, you will get an A.
Only graded on tests and final exams. Has it's pros and cons but no busy work! Brau makes the topic of finance entertaining. In order to get a decent grade you need to read the textbook before class, pay attention in class (or watch the lecture online if you skipped), and do all the practice exams. The lab for me was not super useful.
I liked this class a lot! There's only 4 midterms and the final. Some students don't like this, but for me that meant no busy work and I could work at my own pace. You learn a lot of good skills. Pro. Brau is awesome and super funny (even at 8am). He sometimes doesn't explain things in a clear way (uses his own lingo). Gives good, fast feedback.
Taking Bro Brau's class will help you learn about the basics of Finance. You will also be inspired his professional development and spiritual thoughts. Get ready to study hard and look for every detail in preparation for his four tests and a final.
Jim makes this class strait forward and to the point. Study the lecture material, go to the TA lab, put in the time and you will get an A no problem. However, I did not enjoy Jim as a person. He was very opinionated, often derogatory about other business majors, and shared a lot of personal opinions about various topics as "spiritual thoughts".
Professor Brau is great, but very intense. If you can handle an intense, no nonsense, lecture, then you'll like him. You're grade is based off of 4 midterms and a final, which is kind of nice because then you don't have to worry about quizzes throughout the semester. Great professor, but sometimes shares hard opinions that can be offensive.
Awesome! I would recommend to anyone taking FIN 201 that they do so from him.
All lectures posted online. Finance is hard but Brau IS THE BEST. Gives spiritual thoughts halfway through class, to break it up a bit. If you have to take Fin 200 take it from him.
Brau is awesome, but the whole class is only tests. You have to push yourself to study and quiz yourself. Your learning is pretty much your own responsibility. He teaches VERY clearly and thoroughly, and the tests are super fair. But, youve gotta push yourself to do the learning part. 10/10 would recommend
Professor Brau is hands down the best professor I have ever had at BYU. He's a solid finance teacher who really knows his stuff. He teaches difficult material in a way that anyone can understand if they put forth effort. He not only prepares you for the exams, but also for life. Each day in class he taught valuable life lessons along with finance.
Favorite class this semester! I'm not a natural test taker (onlytests are graded)and the subjects we covered weren't intuitive, but I was given every opportunity to succeed. His lectures are thorough &amp; he gives enough practice problems to be confident in the material. The tests aren't difficult if you pay attention, do the reading, &amp; put in effort.
Brother Brau is an awesome guy. The class is tough and it takes work, but you can definitely succeed if you try. The grade is only from the 5 tests, but you can drop one midterm. Read the textbook, come to class (or watch the videos of class that are posted on youtube), do all the practice questions, and you can definitely succeed in his class.
Bro Brau teaches well. His class has fair expectations and a reasonable workload. He uses a ton of superlatives which can be a bit deterring but as long as you can get over that, he's a nice guy who knows his stuff and wants you to succeed.
