Prof Pataki is very kind and is just overall a caring person...I cant say that I really enjoyed his class because I *had* to take it for a science credit. Despite that, as long as you take notes and do well on the group projects and labs, it is an easy A. He is a pretty funny guy with lots of stories to tell.
A kind man that likes telling random stories while lecturing. His slides/lectures are pretty vague seems like he expects prior astronomy knowledge. Grades essays/labs lightly. Will deduct points if he sees that you are not in class, I had mostly As on his assignments/exams got a B-, i think that's why i got a deduction; he never answered my email
Often disorganized and gets confused easily. The main project consists of 3 essays 4-6 pages long. Wouldn't be too bad if his lectures weren't confusing. His grading criteria doesn't make sense either. Name-drops often too. Not really accessible during office hours either. Wasn't the worst teacher I've ever had but not the best either.
Really nice and understanding.
He pretty much just lectures, which is so boring. But, if you ay attention you will get an easy A. Turn in your labs and you will be fine, he does grade these a little harder than expected. He posts all the lectures online so you don't even have to go to class.
Honestly,  he's a great guy! Gave me a B+ even though my midterm and finals were both a C-. Make sure you do as many papers as you can if you aren't good at this class. Try and stay on top of your work or you will easily fall behind.
dont blink-- youll fall behind
Pataki is very passionate about astronomy. He does lecture often so it gets boring sometimes. You should purchase the textbook if science and/or math is not your best subject. You MUST study for the midterm and final because it's very challenging. If you go to office hours Pataki will definitely help you!
Professor Pataki is a very nice and extremely knowledgable professor. Has great stories from his experience in the field. This class was a bit difficult since I'm not a science major but it was not too challenging. He lectures a lot but if you take notes and pay attention, you'll do fine in the class.
Louis Pataki is an astronomy expert. If you care about the subject, you'll appreciate that. If you don't, you might be frustrated and confused and should take someone else. His class notes aren't the most concise but you'll know what to study. Most of the work is completing lab questions at home. Midterm and final aren't too bad if you study hard.
Professor Pataki is THE sweetest man. For the most part, he clearly explains topics and ideas explicitly how they appear on his (very easy) tests. He is always available to help and genuinely wants you to succeed. He is a very lenient grader. His stories are often first or second-hand; take this class to learn astronomy from a true astronomer.
He's a good guy, but this class is supposed to be designed for students who aren't majoring in the sciences nor do they particularly excel in them, and I feel like this is often forgotten. The class isn't particularly difficult, yet the midterm and final are. Lectures are helpful, but sometimes a little too anecdotal.
If you need to get your science requirement out of the way (like I did as a liberal studies major), history of the universe is the class to take but Pataki is NOT the professor you want. He means well, but he talks to you like you're Neil Degrasse Tyson and already know everything. Then when you ask questions he makes you feel stupid. Easy A though
One of worst professors I have had at NYU. His lectures are completely disorganized and mostly comprised of personal anecdotes rather than information from the text that will be on the exam. He is extremely unclear with his directions during labs. You won't learn anything of significance in class, so be prepared to read the textbook.
I had Professor Pataki for History of the Universe over J-Term so yes my experience with him probably isn't as difficult as it would have been over the semester; but even so, Professor Pataki is amazing. He is so passionate about the topic &amp; gives great lectures. He really cares about his students so he's very approachable &amp; VERY helpful. Take him!
Professor Pataki is a great guy and he has some really amazing stories. His lectures are really long though and don't fall asleep or miss class or you'll miss a bunch of important material. He gives you sample test questions before exams and if you know the answers those and pay attention to what he emphasizes in class, you're pass. Good professor
Completely non-sequential and sometimes irrelevant way of teaching course material. Spits out an abundance of information unrelated to the course, and personal anecdotes that leave the class utterly confused after every lecture. Expects each student to have an amount of background knowledge that is simply not there. AVOID
He's a sweet guy, and obviously knows what he's talking about, but doesn't seem to realize that his students (especially freshmen) aren't professional astronomers. One big group project consisting of 3 essays, one individual essay, and midterm and final. Pretty lenient grader and tests are easy if you study. Each class feels like its a year long.
The class really isn't very hard. I didn't read the textbook at all. If you do the practice exams and understand how you got the answers and the concepts around it, you will do fine. He's VERY lenient with lab grades and if you need help, you can ask him. However, he's a bit unclear sometimes so you might need to do outside research. Very nice man.
He is awesome. He's not the easiest professor so you have to put in the work. I struggled in the beginning but going to his office hours and studying his practice tests really helped and I got an A on the final. I recommended going to his office hours. Show interest and participate even if the answer isn't right!
