He's pretty intimidating at first but, he's actually sweet. The powerpoints seem clustered at first but are useful if you jot down the fill in the blanks. SO GO TO CLASS Aleks was a main source of help, the explanations were really clear. 20 questions with 1 extra credit on tests. COLLECT YOUR TESTS easier than chem 1a less math
Such an amazing professor and would definitely try to take him for other chemistry classes. Gives you everything you need to pass the class. Only bad thing is he is a little hard to talk to.
Prof. Dixion's office hours are a lifesaver! You need to show up to class to get the info you need, do practice problems in the textbook, he's nicer and very helpful if he sees that you are putting in the time to pass his class. Your grade is made up of 5 exams + final + 5 quizzes but he drops the lowest quiz score and the online chem hw.
Dont take this professor if you want to pass. He lists what you need to learn and then expects you to teach yourself and moves really fast.
Its only been my first semester and he has been one of my favorite professors so far. He makes all the information you need accessable through webcourses and takes time with the information. I took AP Chemistry in high school and it was easier. However, if you do not have a basic understanding of chemistry it may be harder for you. Use the resource
I have taken a lot of chemistry classes and Donovan Dixon has to be the best professor I have had. He really knows how to organize the information into manageable bits so that you don't feel overwhelmed trying to digest it all. His notes are on powerpoints and they are really helpful. He gives extra credit quizzes online, highly recommended prof.
If you were successful in AP Chemistry or another college level chemistry, you will not find this course very challenging. Show up, pay attention and study. It is clearly not designed to be a difficult course and there seems to be a fair amount of extra credit.
Well respected and a good lecturer, pretty funny too. Tests are heavily based on lecture material, come to class and take notes (slides are posted but not complete) if you want to do well. WILL notice if you aren't paying attention! Tests aren't too bad, replaces lowest test grade with your final which was a huge help for me.
Very respectable and knowledgeable. Material is tough but you can get through it if you work for it. Has a cool personality and some lectures were interesting. He also does a good job of involving the class in his lectures. Sometimes he can be intimidating.
Professor Dixon is a well respected teacher among the students. His lectures were entertaining and he often involved the students. We worked out word problems in class and asked questions. His PowerPoint slides were very helpful on tests.
Show up to class, because all the tests are from the PowerPoints. He puts them online, but they are incomplete, and you have to take notes on them in class to complete them. As long as you take good notes, do the homework, and study the PowerPoints thoroughly, this class should be an easy A.
Overall an effective professor, but not an easy A. You must work for your grade that you earn and can not get by just doing the work in class: you must practice outside of the class. Must attend the lectures to get information from the powerpoint slides that he does not just give out. Tells you what topics are on the test as well as the final.
Dixon is funny and entertaining, his lectures were pretty rough for me but his office hours were invaluable. His PPT notes outline exactly what you should know for the test in the beginning so you know what to look for. I am extremely terrible at chem and still pulled out an A- (I suspect Dixon gave me a couple points when entering grades tho)
Dr. Dixon is a very funny and knowledgable professor that brought his knowledge and passion of chemistry to help his students to learn all of the material in the semester. Lectures and given PowerPoints are very helpful and I always knew which topics were on the test, and textbook was only used for further explanation and reference for homework.
This class started out tough but he explains all of the subjects well enough. However, the only way I did well was by doing practice with online material. He also gives tons of grace by dropping a lot of grades and replacing your lowest test score with the score on the final. If you have taken a chem class before, his class will be a cake walk.
Dixon's tests aren't difficult and the problems are very similar to ones he does in class for practice. The people who struggled in this class were the ones who didn't bother showing up or taking notes. Make sure to collect your tests since the final is pretty much random questions from each test with different numbers.
If you do review questions and go to lectures you will pass this class. Dixon was fair in grading and tests are extremely similar to the review questions at the end of each chapter and from what he goes over in class.
Extremely easy B/A, he lists all the topics on the exams before hand, youtube is your FRIEND. I didnt attend a single lecture and got two 100s on the exams, just make sure you truly understand the concepts and as this class is chem. for engineers, the topics are not in depth at all and pretty easy to understand
If you can't make it to class, make sure you have someone take pictures of the slides for you because the ones he gives students doesn't have everything in it. He isn't much help in office hours, but make sure to go collect the tests because the final has a lot of the same questions but with different numbers or answer choices.
The best part about his class is that he gives us the periodic table during tests! I know that a lot of professors don't give that out since they expect you to memorize it. But Dixon's motto is to never memorize, just learn. Overall his class is fun and entertaining and you learn chemistry, guaranteed. I would highly recommend him to anyone! :D
