Worst professor I've had at CMU. He makes the lectures super super boring and have no correlation whatsoever. He is very knowledgable about his field but if you don't like to talk about conservation and policy all day then DO NOT take this class or Dr. Bailey. Haven't learned anything. Tests are written.
I hated this class with a passion. You don't really even need to show up because he goes over random material. He does not have a syllabus, so he reminds you two days before that you have an exam. There are outlines and study goals on BB, and make sure you take online quizzes. You can take tests with other people and receive a better grade.
This class is ridiculous! You literally learn EVERYTHING in lab. Going to lecture is a big waste of time. The exams are somewhat similar to the work you do in lab so a good way to study for exams are to go over those. This lab uses Minitab which only works on Windows, so if you have a MAC you have to do your homework/study on a computer in the lib.
Professor Bailey is such a great guy. Attendance is not mandatory and I didn't go often because he usually does get off topic a lot. Every test we were allowed a full sheet of paper front and back filled with notes making it extremely easy. Contrary to what everyone says, this is such an easy class and I highly recommend taking it with him.
You don't need to show up to class to pass. He is a very boring professor, and he never lectures about anything important. He'll go off topic and talk about his life, rather than talk about what is going to be on the exam. He tends to cram the class period before the exam, but his tests are super easy and just based off of the online quizzes.
Dr. Baileys lectures are beyond boring and showing up to class in not necessary AT ALL. He rambles on a lot about things that aren't biology related and you wont really learn anything. Online quizzes are easy and exam questions are taken directly from the quizzes. He kind of can be rude but he's cool if you at least ACT like you care about class
Bailey is honestly a pretty funny guy, but he wasn't very good at teaching. I went to the lecture for the first two weeks of class and then didn't step foot into the room until the final. As long as you go to lab and study for exams, lecture is not mandatory.
Lectures were a drag, it really doesn't matter if you go or not, just on exam days. and Lab. Nothing useful to hear
He is a pretty easy going guy and wants everyone to do well. However to get much out of this class you need to PARTICIPATE in discussion during lectures. Pretty much everyone in the back sat on their phones all semester &amp; that's their problem. He did put grades in for our group projects, he just did that last you can see them on blackboard now.
This class was a joke. By the end of the semester, we had grades for two things; a midterm and a final. There were two group projects involved in this course, but I never saw a grade for either one. Never took notes, not even one. I showed up to maybe a quarter of the classes and got an A.
His tests were hard but you got to use a full sheet of paper front and back for every exam. He was nice and an easy teacher.
Professor Bailey's lectures are interesting and informative but they don't correlate with the lab at all. Show up for class or you might miss a pop quiz, most of the quiz material is basic though so its easy to get a good grade in the class. DO YOUR WEEKLY JOURNALS or you will basically fail your final exam, that is all. . .
Bailey gets off topic a lot. You don't need to attend class to pass, you can skip and still get an A or a B. He doesn't really teach biology related stuff. He is very nice though.
Very easy class, but Bailey usually gets off topic during lecture. Attendance isn't required nor necessary in order to do well. All exams are collaborative &amp; you can use a cheat sheet. I showed up to maybe 5 lectures all semester and did just fine.
Nice man but never actually teaches you anything. Class felt like a waste of time with group work and online quizzes. The entire semester he did not post any grades until the very end so you never knew where you stood until the final grade was posted.
At first I was a little hesitant taking this class; I was thinking it just wouldnt be for me. I started to look forward to going to his class. Bailey allows his students to voice their opinions, and to discuss topics in a friendly environment.  In all I always felt like I was motivated to look at biology from a new diverse perspective.
He did not teach or give organized lectures throughout the semester.  He uses Mastering quizzes to teach the material, but does not EVER give an organized lecture.  I never once took notes because any notes you take are not relevant to your success.  You have two group projects in all and most class periods are used to work on them.
Bailey is an extremely easy professor, you don't even have to attend the lecture to pass. However, he is extremely unclear about assignments and very unhelpful outside of class. I'm also annoyed that I spent money on the book just for the Mastering Biology code. I wouldn't take a class with him again even though it is an easy A.
I never went to lecture and got a 98% in the class. But ALWAYS show up to your lab because you'll get assignments. Just figure out what days to show up for the exams!! All exam questions are from your online quizzes :)
Literally all you have to do is show up the day of the exams and they're collaborative, if you're looking for an easy A, take this class!!!!
