He is an overall good professor, his morning classes were a bit brutal and boring. But he was very passionate in teaching, and provides some extra credit that helps a lot. Plus, he drops your lowest test score. Tests are very, very hard though all true or false.
For a 8 am class tries to keep it pretty interesting. VERY passionate about subject matter. Go to lectures because material not in books will be on the exams. Take notes, read the books, and save exams and you'll be fine. Seven Open Book/Open Note True-False exams &amp; no homework.
Cy is a good teacher his class isn't that hard if you go. You are allowed to use your notes and the books on the exams.  His class is not mandatory to attend but I recommend you do it makes it a lot easier to pass the exams, which are all true false including the final.
I love this class! I think he's a really good professor and he makes class interesting. Unlike many other professors, he relates class to the real world, which makes it easy to understand. Yes, the notes are a little difficult to understand and his test wording is complicated but if you go to class you should be fine.
Do not buy the book. It will be a waste of your money and reading does not help to understand the material. Make sure you go to class often because you will need the notes for the open exams. He is very boring, nice guy, but very boring. His topics are not that interesting either, unless you are really in to native Hawaiians.
The required textbook was edited by him and has several typos.  His lectures are loud and obnoxious. He's rude. The tests are all true/false, watch out for the wording.  While attendance is optional, he adds a lot of stuff in the lectures that you can't get from the book.  My advice, do not take a class with this prof.
He is a very funny teacher, which makes you want to come to class. His exams are hard to understand but they are all 25 questions true or false. The take home final is worth 100 points, if you get together with a group of people you can work on it together. The in class final is 75 questions true or false. 50 50!
do not take this class! the true and false questions are a paragraph long with words that incomprehensible. His notes don't make sense. It is impossible!
The teacher is all over the place in his lesson. He lost my final exam, would not accept responsibility for it and passed me only when i told him im going to the umbudsman to report him. Monotonous and droning, his students learn nothing and suffer for a semester in his class.
Good gosh. I have never had such an easy class. The tests are all true/false!! Honestly! How can you fail?? He gives you a take-home final for god's sake! If you don't understand him, I suggest expanding your vocab. He *does* use some higher level language, but no more than is expected of college students. Too bad he's retiring soon.
TESTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE...I WOULD ADVISE YOU NOT TO TAKE THIS CLASS W/ THIS TEACHER!!!
Worst prof I've ever had. Just loves the sound of his crazy voice.
Go to class, read the books.  The final review is a lifesaver.  Do it FULL OUT.
This class isn't too bad, as long as you read the 2 books, and actually go to the class. He has some pretty cool stories, but you hear them over and over, as well as have to understand how they relate to what your doing on your own.
Tests are hard to understand.
He seems like a very nice guy, but he repeats all of his stories a million times. Plus, his stories never seem to relate to the topic. They are so long that by the time he is done, I cant remember what he was talking about. However I do have to say that the class is really not hard. If you read the book and come to class, you should have no problem
Really cool, but uses huge vocab
To everyone claiming that Cy is "soo hard" ...welcome to college. You cannot expect your professors to spoon-feed you answers to future exams in lectures, or be able to find those answers verbatim in your texts. Cy gives you the proper tools to make the larger inferences yourself. If you can't succeed at this, it's not him, it's YOU.
This class is hard, get out if u can. He is a nice guy but man are the tests hard. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
Nice guy.  Tests are hard even though you can use your notes, books and dicitonary!  When you read the books you think you understand until you take an exam.  He talks a lot to get his point across but I wish he would make his point and get on to the next topic before my attention is totally lost.
