He is a really awesome professor and caring. Only thing he ever did wrong was not teach my calc 3 and diff. Eq. Class. Actually almost teared up leaving his class the last day of my class because i had him for calc 1 and 2.
Odish is the GOAT of all math teachers at ASU. Took Calc in high school and I was really confused, but he made Calc 2 feel like a 1 credit class, explaining complex concepts very well. If you pay attention and listen in class, the homework is like review and the tests/quizes are quite easy. If only he teaches Calc 3 and every math class at ASU...
I took Calculus BC during high school so this class was super easy, but Professor Odish really did a great job with going through each concept with multiple examples. He's really funny and might roast you in class. One thing is that he may or may not announce quizzes but they usually fall right after finishing a topic.
Professor Odish is an alright professor. With his strict T/A and 1-2 quizzes a week (out of three sessions a week) you quickly realize that it can become hard to keep up. He only uses Webwork for homework which is a free program. Try to get a professor who utilizes web-assign, a paid program, free with purchase of textbook, it's much better.
It might take a bit to warm up to this teacher, but when you do, you'll realize how great a math teacher he is. He cracks funny jokes, gives out good, helpful lectures, and you can really just tell he cares about each and every one of the students, which he makes clear throughout the course. Best Calc II teacher on campus.
First day of class I walked in and was like "damn, it's just an old dude." Can't believe I was so quick to judge. This man is amazing at what he does--just silence your phone before class.
He starts the semester off tough to weed out the students who don't care. After the first few weeks, he starts cracking jokes and you can tell he cares about his students. Gives adequate warning for quizzes and exams, and does a thorough review before each exam. Amazing teacher.
Take Odish for Calc and he will make sure you understand calculus. All the criticism of him is just because he can be strict, but he truly cares about his students and wants them to do well while also learning the concepts. The tests and quizzes are easy if you pay attention in class and make sure to do all the homework to maximize your points.
Odish cares immensely about his students. The first couple weeks he acts tough to scare away bad students. Once you get deep into the semester, you'll find him cracking jokes. Lots of quizzes, but he always gives you a heads up and lets you what type of problems will be on there. He always tells you exactly what to expect on the exams.
Verg good professor. I took him for calc 1 and 2 and have such a good understanding of it thanks to him.
Odish comes off as a rude old man but he is actually really caring and goes over many example problems to make sure you understand. He makes sure to go over the fundamentals of calculus to also help you actually understand. TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN.
Amazing Calc II Professor. Highly recommend. Don't miss a lecture as everything builds from the previous lecture. Weekly quizzes so be prepared, usually on a Friday
Professor Odish truly cares about his students and wants them to learn. This is my second semester taking him in a row and has made calculus 1 and 2 my favorite courses i have taken in my career at ASU. You will definitely learn calculus.
Odish is favorite prof this semester Lays out ground rules on the first day and it seems like he'll be a grumpy prof, but he really loves math and tries to make his lectures entertaining I didnt buy the textbook because homework is online. Homework is abit much sometimes. Quiz about every two weeksbut theyre like in class problems Taking him again!
Hard to understand. Poor teaching, its better to get a tutor or teach yourself the material.
I took Dr. Odish over the summer for Calc 2. By far the best Math professor I've ever had. Dr. Odish can make anything in Calculus feel easy for his students. Although very strict and sometimes harsh, Dr. Odish actually has a big heart and will do all he can to help, just ask nicely.
Best Math teacher i've ever had, straight to the point and thorough with notes.
good teacher but tough grader.
Dr. Odish is amazing. He cares for his students. He is definitely a great math teacher and the best at ASU. He knows what he is teaching in and out. Definitely take him for Calc1 and 2 and your concepts will be very strong.
Highly recommend taking Dr. Odish whether you just need Math for credits or if it is a really important part of your major .
