Don't know why everyone is giving this guy a bad review. He's the easiest professor I've ever taken. Basically paid money to get free A+. I showed up to syllabus day and left halfway through and haven't been to class since.
This guy goes to my high school in san jose. He thinks hes better than everyone just  because he went to standford. If he calls on you and you dont know the answer, he waits and humiliates you. If you have the wrong answer, he rolls his eyes back. Other teachers also dont like him. Overall, drop chemistry if you are going to have this teacher.
You can never feel comfortable to ask questions in his class or else he will tend to make you look bad or say something sarcastic
Most knowledge professor
Honestly, Dr. Moylan is the worst teacher to ever step on my high school campus. His snobby and arrogant attitude, accompanied with his unwillingness to help his own students, creates an aura of negative tension throughout the class. His tendency to purposely fail anyone whenever possible is due to his anemic attitude of thinking he was successful.
He as a resource was completely unhelpful. TAs didn't seem to know what was going on either. His tests tend to be almost exactly the same, so check previous terms' tests. This was the first science class I'd ever been in where the entire lecture hall unanimously responded "NO" when a professor asked, "Did that make sense?"
this class is pretty alright. the lectures by moylan are really great, but the lab TAs are confused and there are extremely unclear directions and expectations for the lab period. they grade the labs way too tough, but know what you're doing and you'll be fine.
If you listen in class, do your work, and have half a brain, you'll do fine in Moylan's class. Many of my classmates were whiny pre-med students who wanted to learn ONLY what's on the exams and nothing more. If you're so lazy and want everything spelled out and spoon fed to you, why the hell did you apply to Stanford??? A's are EARNED,you whiners!
By far, the worst professor that I have had at Stanford. I am no longer interested in chemistry at all as a profession.
Moylan is extremely high on himself and was didn't seem to care at all about the students in this class.
The class is too much work. You do learn a lot though and in the end it is worth it. I liked it. This must be taken with a grain of salt because I also enjoy dressing up in latex and being whipped. He is not a bad lecturer. Unfortunately he does not lecture on everything you need to know to complete the lab reports, the rationale being that you nee
Way too many assignments: 3 10pg lab reports, 4 20min orals, 2 midterms, 2 5pg lab tour reports.  One or two assignments due per week - made it hard to keep up in other classes.  On the plus side, he is a better teacher than our other chem profs, and the grading wasn't impossible: the curve was: 1 A+, 7 A's, 1 A-, 7 B's, 1 C, 1 F.
Moylan is a terrible teacher; avoid him and this class if at all possible.  First, the class is a ridiculous amount of work - more like 10 units, not 4 - and second, he doesn't teach anything.  So you're expected to teach yourself all the theory for everything.  And you're at a major disadvantage if you haven't taken 153 - so be warned!
Moylan is the worst teacher the world has ever seen. He gets pissed off if you ask him a question.
CHEM 36 isn't that bad, but 130 is hell. Moylan is the worst teacher I have ever had. If you try to ask him anything he will get pissed off.
Avoid this teacher AT ALL COSTS.
This class was pretty easy. I did my work and got an A period. The exams are super easy. Great lecturer, dressed up as Harry Potter first day.
Although did do this cool Snape-impersonation thing at the beginning of Chem 36 last year, he's annoying.
No Comments
No Comments
