belittles you in office hours and makes you feel dumb
Jon is great. Polarizing, but great. He prepped me great for my summer internship and is a really great human.
He literally tanked my class, and was reprimanded by the university for it.  If he doesn't believe in what you're doing, he'll protest with indifference toward you and your grades.
Dr. Pinder is an awesome professor who is always smiling and really wants his students to succeed. The first half of the course is much easier than the second half so don't get too comfortable, but Dr. Pinder will help you with anything you need - just ask. I would definitely recommend taking his class. Also is excel skills are unmatchable.
Jon is one of the best teachers Wake has to offer. He can take a class of MBAs and make them experts in excel and stats. If you show interest in the class he will go to great lengths to help you out.
Easily one of the best professors I've ever had (no, didn't go to some small no-name; had undergrad at a large public T15).  I've had classes with both Quant professors, and you just can't go wrong with Jon.  He genuinely cares about the students in his own goofy way and does his best to make sure that every student learns something useful.
What I learned and applied is simply outstanding!! Jon is polarizing for many love/hate. At 5+ years removed, I still use these skills in healthcare and foreign assistance work. Most of all, use these skills for yourself!! Get ready for serious work, though. Life is more than living by numbers, and he tries to teach that too.
I graduated in 05; I can safely say Pinder teaches nothing you will use in the real world. He makes quant unnecessarily hard, sets you up to fail, then offers a helping hand (which was never very helpful). If you play his game, you'll do fine, but don't believe the 'pinder show' hype.  Boone is better...he teaches you what you really need.
Jon is a very tough professor and will not hesitate to call students out in class. His grading is strict but is rigiruous (he will re-read your papers 2 to 3 times). He is very helpful if you come to him with the "What did I do wrong?" attitude and a little defensive if you approach with the "My answer is really right!" method.
Very interesting personality - I can see how some students like him very much some not at all. He is very smart and knowledgeable and goes the extra mile for you if you show interest and commitment. What he teaches is hard stuff and you can't skip-read, you must work hard. I wish I could attend the class again.
fantastic
Jon's Quant Methods course is one of the few courses I remember enjoying in the FT MBA program.  It was hard, but the lessons have been extremely useful since I took it in 2001.  I would love to take it again as a refresher!
Whoever is disparaging this guy on here needs to get a clue.  I've been out of his class 5 years now and I use what he taught me every day.  People with Quant abilities get paid a helluvalot more than those who don't, so I'd say I owe him about $50K in thanks.  If you connect with him, you're set.  A great guy.
Jon is hard, class material is hard, but it is worth it.  This class will certainly help me earn addition 50K-100K.  I wish the pace was slower, but it is ok. The best thing about him - he loves what he teaches and definetely carries you to the world of quant methods with enthusiasm.
Very challenging, but you walk away with tools to succeed.  Material cannot be learned in one sitting, so prepare to struggle daily.  Difficult grader at times.
This guy is super smart but a total ****. In the end I got a lot out of his class but I'm not sure it was worth the daily beratings. When I heard this guy got Teacher of the Year I thought that they must have run out of professors to give it to. Arrogant and whiney. Spiteful at times and loves to make you look stupid. And is good at it.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
