I really liked Osman before taking this course. The material was boring and had very little to do with economics. He just went over outlines from the book telling you to look things up on your own. No attendance but random quizzes that you can't make up even if you have an excuse. 2 papers that have the strangest and most confusing format EVER!
I had Dr. Osman in his last semester of teaching at OSU. He was old, confusing, and cocky. I loved him as a person, but as a teacher he was god awful. Just read the textbook and show up for class. You'll do fine.
His teaching style is incredibly annoying. He hardly goes over the material you actually have to know and instead just tells anecdotal stories. He can be condescending and acts like every thing he talks about is common knowledge. His instructions for assignments are extremely vague and he even had to push back one assignment twice due to confusion.
Be prepared to teach yourself.  He reads slides made by the txtbk company &amp; gets mad when you take in class notes.  Tests are basically identical to study guide questions if you purchase it.. but only helpful if you've already read the entire textbook on your own &amp; taught yourself material.  Takes suggestions on how to run class but never uses them
Learn the material, don't memorize it. Osman knows a lot about economics and he tries to encourage students to do their best. A lot of people complain about his negative attitude towards note-taking in lectures,but the slides get posted on Carmen and you really do learn more if you are actively listening. The lectures can get dull; it is econ.
Lectures were a waste, he sped through slides and was angry if you actually took notes. Very rude but gave a ton of bonus questions for exams.
One of the most boring and easiest class in this university. Although he is knowledgeable, he is condescending and boring.
This class is very boring. He just repeats material in the textbook. Also, he requires participation and randomly evaluate it. The class size is also large. Do not take it.
Never went to lectures because he would literally read straight out of the textbook and yell at us for taking notes. All you have to do is read the textbook thoroughly and try to attend recitations. Tests weren't too bad considering he included a lot of extra credit but you have to know the information really well.
I never went to his lectures because he just flashes long, wordy slides the whole time. I only went to recitation and my TA was much more clear. Osman's tests are pretty hard. You have to really understand the material- he asks application questions; not just definition-based. Builds in plenty of extra credit though. Read the WHOLE book &amp; get an A.
Terrible professor. Easy class. Lectures are mandatory but useless. He goes off topic all the time. Talks at a low whisper. Has terrible handwriting but writes randm stuff on the board and says it'll be on the midterm but it's not. You're graded on participation but he wants genius answers above and beyond what's in the book. Never taking him again
I'm taking macro economics with this professor and he is one of the most knowledgeable lectures I've ever had. The material is macroeconomics don't expect it to be some kind of action movie. And to the people who say he is insulting, you either shouldn't be in college or just don't have a sense of humor. Good professor overall!
Lectures are very dry, very hard to follow along. He tries to tie real world examples in but he can never get them out how he wants. He's also very rude and insulting. He makes you feel stupid and wrong if you are not an econ major.
He is very confusing and unhelpful.
This class is really hard to listen and pay attention because its very dry, but he tries to make it interesting. Offers a lot of extra points, so easy enough to get a decent grade.
Great professor. Very knowledgeable. Relates class concepts to real world events. Easy enough to get a good grade if you read the book and pay attention to most lectures.
Oppressively boring in class. Has hearing problems (be ready to speak up and repeat yourself) not particularly helpful or insightful on subject matter (dude loves the textbook and doesn't deviate from its content.) Mandatory participation is clunky. The grading's super easy, however. So if you want that, take it, just don't expect to enjoy it.
This guy is the man. He is literally one of the most interesting people I have ever met. Plus he's a great teacher. Very straightforward. You can get up to 2% bonus for going to every class, 2% more for doing a presentation, and on every exam you can miss 5 out of 30 questions and still get a 100% on exam. Take this class.
He is very knowledgeable, I took his Econ Development class and I really enjoyed his personal stories about helping countries. However, class is dry, tests are all based on the textbook so going to class wasn't necessary, around only 9 people show up consistently. I ended up getting an A just by reading the book. A lot of people failed the final.
Really knowledgable. Tests aren't that hard provided you read the textbook. His recommendation is that you don't take notes from his class, but from the book so you can actually listen to his lectures instead of frantically copying the powerpoints. I agree with this recommendation 100%. Read the book, take notes, pay attention, and study. Not hard.
