Grades on an extreme curve so its not hard to do well. Still, his method of testing is incredibly confusing. You have to figure out which questions have multiple answers, as theres never a Both A and B are correct option. Doesnt seem to care that his handwriting is illegible and his markers are out of ink. Overall an unnecessary headache.
You'll get a short (2-3 questions) quiz every class, covering previous materials and these quizzes are very helpful to study for midterms and final exam. Professor's handwriting is atrocious and it may be hard to understand new concepts without being able to read what he writes on the board. However, he can answer your question promptly on Slack.
Great teacher. Clear with everything. Exams are easy.
Wouldn't take for any intro course with. Speaks with lots of jargon and lecture slides are like refrigerator poetry and not very explanatory, Math problems not practiced or taught in class, but are assigned for homework. Would be better to take with more knowledge in subject area. Nice funny guy, just not the best professor in my opinion.
Smart guy - not a very good teacher. His 'teaching' style is having confusing information on some slides talking about it for a couple minutes, showing the answer, no explanation on how he got there, and then some long story about he was on a board of some sort and how he is the smartest. I wish I would have checked RMP before taking this class.
Attendance is mandatory for the many pop quizzes. Professor Woods is very knowledgeable of the subject but caters to engineering students, as this is a economic engineering course. I would not recommend taking his class if you are an economics major.
I was one of the few econ majors in a sea of engineers so maybe I was just more familiar with the material, but I didn't find this course too difficult. I enjoyed Jamie's lectures and examples he would use from his life to illustrate concepts. If you don't know anything about accounting or finance, get familiar with it beforehand.
Checks attendance by giving random pop quizzes in class. He is a very great professor, knows what he's teaching, and has interesting lectures. He does not grade on a traditional scale, but gives grade based on class standing. The content is a lot of math and accounting, tests average 50% because it is hard material but he teaches well.
Avoids answering students questions, structures the class so the majority of the students fail. The quizzes online wont help you with the exams in class.
Jamie is a great lecturer and he prefaces the class by saying that it is "like drinking from a fire hose" and he is right. There is a tremendous quantity of subject matter to master and you must be overly attentive to survive. Overall it just seems like it is must more difficult that a university studies (no prereq.) course should be.
Tough grader, hands not held but resources are available for you to be successful.  This class simplifies problems for the purpose of the engineering exams. Lectures are fast but he's an expert.
Professor Woods makes you study a lot. Since this class covers lots of materials,  preview well and use his class to review materials. If you study online quizzes and sample exams multiple times, you will do fine for exam.
I'm not sure why this class is part of a university studies cluster.  Woods said "none of these techniques are useful outside of the PE exam", which was basically a middle finger to those students not on an engineering track.  A a finance major, other classes use much easier techniques for similar stuff.  Stay away if not an engineer. Awful class.
Best teacher at PSU. Very engaging and really prepares you for the final. The grading system is very different then what you'll be used to as you basically compete against your classmates but it'll make you work hard. Very funny and super energetic guy. I would take his class again
As a finance major, I can tell you that the material you learn from this class encompasses all the intro level accounting and finance courses (BA211, 303, and some from FIN 319 and ACTG 381). That being said, it would normally take a BA student 2 full terms to learn the same material and this class (a university study class, ironically) covers all
Dr. Woods is a smart economist. That being said, he's a terrible teacher. His lectures are all over the place and if you ask him questions he consistently dodges them or flat out refuses to answer them. His quizzes are a nightmare, almost like he's trying to make you fail. Test averages for the class float around 50%. Worst class I've taken.
You have no other choice but him for EC 314U.  All the comments below are legit. Unfortunately for engineers you have no choice but deal with him.
A large class with assignments and quizzes online. The lectures were not clear.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. IT IS WASTE OF MONEY AND WILL NOT LEARN ANYTHING.
DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. 1. The course is poorly organized - he created his own wiki that is confusing and outdated. 2. Quizzes are difficult - lots of trick questions, worth 80% of your grade. 3. Limited feedback - on one quiz the class average was 25%, so he accused students of cheating, and then refused to provide help on the difficult topic.
