Professor Whaples is a legend in the school.  From his daily quizzes to challenging test- he will make you work for your grade.  That being said, he curves his test grades and many people received good grades.  You will exit the class feeling as if you have a firm grasp of economics and will be ready for an Econ major or for the Business school.
Excellent professor! Makes economics relateable and incredibly interesting with humor and incredible teaching ability.  Oh, he's hot!
TAKE WHAPLES!!! He is a fantastic teacher with a goofy sense of humor. You will learn the material and his lectures are clear, interesting and fly by. Easily one of my favorite professors at wake.
I took Whaples' Current Economic Issues class, which was great! The class was interesting, and much more reading-writing based than the traditional Econ class, meaning much less graph drawing and math to do (a big plus for me). There was a fair amount of homework, but if you actually do (most of) the reading, getting a good grade was not hard.
Very enthusiastic with an entertaining sense of humor..gives semi-daily quizzes and occasional readings but overall the class isn't too difficult. would definitely recommend
AWESOME teacher, good guy.  He actually wants people to get good grades and that's what I like about him.  I took the entrepreneur FYS class, be prepared to do A LOT of reading but if you are remotely interested, most of it isn't bad.  I typed 4-5 short papers total.
Extraordinarily good teacher. Explains things with a lot of very good examples, and will be incredibly helpful out of class. Wish he gave a little more time between homework assignments and their due dates, though.
Great class, very intersting, well structured, brief intro to micro econ and then mostly discussions.  Read 3 or 4 books and wrote papers, one long final paper and some group work but nothing that felt extreme.  Was supposed to read the NYtimes every day...never did, overall really enjoyed the class
Excellent. One of the top 3 I had at Wake Forest.
No Comments
