A true blessing. A wonderful man and amazing instructor. Passionate about his work.
An engaging and inspiring teacher. His lectures are clear and he makes you understand why learning the material matters.
The most inspiring professor at Stanford. Brings in real material into every problem and is the most encouraging, approachable, funny lecturer - he encourages everyone to apply AI to benefit the world/social good.
Chris is a smart and inspirational teacher. His examples help bring the subject to life.
THE BEST PROFESSOR!!!
Chris Piech is doing amazing things with CS109. HE's so clear, interesting and helpful.  The material is tough, but it's rewarding to do such interesting psets and have such great lectures.  He's the BEST!
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. Chris absolutely inspires! His classes are phenomenal!
Chris Piech is everything! A natural teacher who loves his material and gets students to love it too. I want to be all that, do what he does, live that amazing life of being a great teacher at the world's greatest CS department.
Most humanistic lecturer in any science-- very charismatic, animates the material very well.
So genuine and kind, really enjoyed taking his class! Explains things very well and clearly. Is very accessible and approachable.
So lucky to have Chris Piech! I am not good at math, and never thought I could learn to program, but he makes the class so accessible and clear and is so helpful in office hours, I'm finally getting it, thank you, thank you!!
What a great teacher and role model for computer science majors. He's so dedicated and enthusiastic, he makes me want to do what he does.
A wonderful, natural, deep teacher, who really knows how to help students see the bigger picture of Computer Science concepts
Passionate lecturer, good use of microsoft paint. Loved his class.
Amazing and passionate Professor.
The most engaging lecturer I've ever had - Chris is bursting with energy and with awesome examples that make the material come to life. Never expected to say this, but CS106B was probably my favorite class I've taken at Stanford because of Chris. I really can't offer high enough praise.
Chris is clearly passionate about teaching. He is one of the best lecturers I have had at Stanford.
Awesome teacher.
Very passionate and knowledgeable teacher. Really instills a love of AI in his students! Highly recommend!
