Very passionate and an all around solid professor who makes it clear what is needed to get an A. Go to lecture, look at powerpoints after class, and do the homework and you should be fine.
I wouldn't take him if you're taking 18 hours like me and if pol sci isn't relevant to your major. I feel the class is interesting but has too much honor HS busy work. If you make a bad grade there's room for lots of forgiveness but try to take an easier prof if you aren't interested that much in the topic. Great dude though.
Dr. Roblyer is very passionate about academic dishonesty. Don't be discourage is you get a bad grade on one or two test. The homework is a great cushion for your grades so make sure you do it to the best of your ability. He gave up to 4 extra credit points to your final grade so make sure you take advantage of those because it makes a difference!
Dwight is an incredible person and amazing teacher. His class is not easy, but he is very fair with grading, extra credit, and office hours. He truly cares about his students and their success. I went into the class thinking I was going to hate it and came out wishing I could take another one of his classes.
He really cares about his students learning. If you show up to class you don't even have to study for the exams to do well. He curves every test 5 points, and gives lots of extra credit opportunities. He's great!
2/2: In F18. Only 1 test could be missed wo univ excused abs. Then u have to take the alt makeup exam (TF,MC,Short answer,fill in the blank). Lowest test of 4 midtrms dropped. Final counts. HW based on articles. Invites class to thanksgiving. He checks your grade and helps you calculate test goals. 2 tries on hws (grade is avg of 2). Nice man. -JF
I will be writing 2 comments: In F18. I never liked politics. Material was heavy, but prof was very forgiving and helpful. Tons of extra credit (5pts added to every exam for free, 20pts added to total pts from online hw (acts as a test grade), and online research and activities (-1/2 a letter grade extra points)). Tests are noncumulative 40 MC. -JF
Dr. Roblyer cares so much about his students and offers every chance to succeed. If you study and read the text and attend lecture, this class is an easy A. I loved the way that beyond helping us understand the material, Dr. Roblyer also helped us understand how the political system works and the complex issues associated. TAKE HIM!!!
Dr. Roblyer was an amazing professor to have my first semester of college. He genuinely cares about all his students and is a super good guy. He doesn't take attendance, but going to class will help your grade. I noticed when I went to class more, I tended to score higher on the next exam. He offers a lot of extra credit towards end of semester.
Professor Roblyer had great reviews for his class. However, his test questions are designed specifically to deceive students and every time I went in with a question to his office hours he never really explained WHY the answer was what it was, just WHAT it was. He is a very nice man but paranoid about cheating and not open to helping on grades.
Seriously one of the best professors at Texas A&amp;M University. Dr. Roblyer truly cares about you as a person, always "working for your success" as he always said. Lecture was from pre-posted online slides, but with his own helpful commentary. Roblyer also offers a ton of extra credit in addition to dropping your lowest test grade. Highly recommend!
A great professor to take that, in the end, made me more "politically active". Is passionate about the subject itself and for his students. Five exams, homework, and extra credit assignments have made it an absolute easy A, if you put the work in it. Attendance is not mandatory but is recommended, as well as the textbook for several test questions.
Roblyer is one of the best POLS profs you can take. Great communication with students, very caring, genuinely wants you to learn. I would recommend showing up since a lot of information is given through the lecture. If you show up and study a little it's a simple class. Homework once a week and he drops the lowest test score. Super reasonable guy.
One of the best professors at A&amp;M. Truly cares about helping you learn the material, not just for the class, but for the real world as well. Offers extra credit and drops a test grade. Even invited anyone in our class staying at A&amp;M over the break to his house for Thanksgiving. Such a nice, caring professor. Would recommend his class to anyone!
If you go to class and listen during lectures you will be absolutely fine and will most likely get an A. I would recommend taking brief notes or taking notes on the powerpoint slides, as there can be a lot of information. This man genuinely cares about your grade in his class and wants you to do well in it, and in life in general.
Dr. Roblyer truly cares about his students. He often uses the phrase, "working for your success," and he lives this out. He provides plenty of extra credit and bonus points. He provides a plethora of resources to improve your exam scores. Above all, he inspires his students to learn local government.
Great prof, very caring about his students and will help you with whatever! There are 5 exams (final included) and you definitely have to attend lectures and pay attention but he does drop one test grade and offers lots of extra credit. There is also homework every week but very easy and helps your grade. He genuinely cares about the subject.
One of the easiest A's I've ever gotten. I've never had a class with so much extra credit offered and he will drop your lowest exam score (he won't drop the final though). Take him for POLS 207 if you can. Textbook is optional but I found it kind of interesting and the reading assignments are very short.
Dr. Roblyer is a good professor hes really passionate about what he teaches very accessible outside of class. I personally never read the book and the first four exams have questions about the book and so I barely passed all four exams but he did provide a lot of extra credit which did bump me up to a B. You just gotta work a bit extra to get A.
Take him if you can. The only time I ever showed up was for the exams and I made an easy A. He curves every exam by 5 points, offers 5-6 extra credit points onto your grade, lets you drop an exam, and adds points on to easy homework assignments. Lectures would be helpful, but online slides/resources were very helpful for the exams. He is liberal.
