Kurt is amazing! He explains the different concepts of personal wealth really comprehensively and gave real-life examples. Also, he's available after class, allowing opportunities for individual conversations and questions!
I will definitely take another course given by Kurt. His communication is very clear and understandable. He give the students chance to ask questions and does his best to explain it in a way that everyone understands. He gives us handouts to help us understand the course better and also he uses real life examples to put everything in perspective.
Overall, Professor Carrasquilla's Essentials of Wealth Management's class was inspirational, informational, and well organized. The one main thing that stood out in Professor Carrasquilla 's class is his caring and positive attitude in answering our questions. The handouts and emails were very helpful. Thank you for a wonderful class!
Professor Kurt gave us not only an overall yet detailed guided tour through wealth management but also some inspirations thats I have never thought of before concerning finance. It is definitely a great course. Students can ask questions in the class and will get clear answers right away.
I thoroughly enjoyed Kurt Carrasquilla's class ESSENTIALS OF WEALTH MANAGEMENT. I found his presentation of the more complex concepts to be amazingly simple. I'm certain that every member of our class gained a great deal from his expertise and teaching style!
Kurt was a great teacher, he has so much knowledge about wealth management. He explained the material very well and tied it to concrete examples. Great class he kept the lectures interesting and made it fun and easy to participate.
Same after the course, I have sure that I will use the topics that I had  been learn at class, on my work in Brazil. Kurt demonstrated a big knowledge about wealth management, market in a macroeconomics context, I have no doubt that was one of the best teachers for me. As a conclusion, kurt  helped me to achieve my goals at 2017.
Professor Kurt is one of those teachers you will come to realize truly cares about his students well-being. He was helpful throughout the entire 5 week course, and I highly recommend taking a class with him.
Kurt is a very friendly professor to discuss openly with!
Kurt is a clear teacher, helpful, and always ready to help. He really wants us to learn and is always being  motivational.
Such a wonderful and rewarding class. I truly enjoyed his presentations and he made the concepts easier to understand. Highly recommend this professor and taking this excellent course!
I took Kurt's 5 week wealth management class in summer 2017 and loved it.  Wealth management is obviously a broad topic, but he did a great job of distilling the information into 5 interesting lectures.  He also helped me develop a sense of "vision" for my finances.  I would recommend this class to anyone with low confidence managing their money.
After taking this class, there is a clear framework of wealth management tools in my mind. I strongly recommend this professor. In his class, I learn a lot!
Great course and great professor. Would like to take more of Kurt's courses in the future.
Kurt was good presenter and knows his material along with solid industry experience.
Kurt is an effective, engaging, and knowledgeable teacher. Through him I gained a very good general understanding of wealth management. In each class he incorporates his professional experience, which makes the subject matter easier to learn. I can confidently recommended him to any student who wants to learn about wealth management.
Excellent class.  Professor Carrasquilla was very engaging.  I learned a lot and would strongly recommend him to anyone wishing to expand their knowledge in Wealth Management.
I thoroughly enjoyed professor Carrasquilla's class! He has a ton of experience in personal financial planning/wealth management and was able to transfer that in an easy-to-understand format in the matter of 5 weeks. He covered the most important aspects of financial planning and painted some really important big pictures.
Kurt was a great professor. He was always there for any questions his students had before or after class. His lectures were both insightful and lively. I would definitely recommend this course to family and friends.
Professor Carrasquilla was great.  He was very approachable and often reiterated that he was available outside of class if we had any questions for him.   I would definitely recommend this class and am certainly glad I took it!
