The guy acts like he knows what he's talking about, but the class was more difficult than a religion class needs to be. He also made strange comments about women and taught a few false doctrine-type things when I took New Testament, which rubbed me the wrong way and made me feel like I wasn't learning from someone with any authority to teach me.
This was my third class from Bro Merrill, and I loved it! He is a great guy who really cares about his students. You have daily attendance quizzes (did you show up and pay attention), a few easy 1-page papers (completion), a few midterms, and the final. Honestly I wouldn't take this class from anyone else!
Really knows what he's talking about, but not great at structuring in a helpful way for learning, so classes were interesting but not really important. Tests have NOTHING to do with classes, and study guide is mediocre at best. Lots of reading but not necessary. If you don't do well on the tests, there's nothing you can do to improve your grade.
Brother Merrill is an awesome guy. You have to read the first half of the Book of Mormon in the first two weeks but that's the only demanding part. If you pay attention in class and go over the study guides before tests they are pretty easy. I will be taking BOM122 with him because of how simple his course structure is.
There's a lot of people that don't like Bro Merrill. I think it's because he chastises often. Personally, I really appreciate that about him though because he is very real with us; he isn't all rainbows and sunshine about the gospel. Tests were hard. Learned a lot from the class. Really enjoyed.
I love Bro Merrill! You really have to work for an A, but I learned so much from him. He is a caring teacher that really brings in the spirit during lecture. Pay attention, and you'll be fine!
Brother Merrill told the class on multiple occasions that we would be sent to Hell if we did not do what he asked of us. Did not appreciate being told that by a professor. The tests were based on what he felt was most important which was hard to tell based on his lectures. There were no lecture tools, only speaking at you.
A wonderful, spiritual lecturer, but doesn't have slides or anywhere to get notes besides coming to class every time. Very knowledgable and caring. There are only a couple of things that make or break your grade, so if you do the reading and study for the quizzes and tests, your grade will be alright. Papers are super easy points.
I loved the Lectures. I thought they were well presented and gave great insight. My problem was that the tests were set up in a way to trip you up. Although a great lecturer, He makes it very difficult to get a good grade in his class. For the amount of credits this class is, I feel like I had to spend far too much time in this class.
Brother Merrill is amazing! He knows more about the Book of Mormon than anyone I've ever met. He does talk really fast though, and doesn't have slides, so you kind of have to take notes on everything. Not a lot of homework; the hardest thing was reading the whole first half of the Book of Mormon in three weeks.
Brother Merrill loves the Book of Mormon a lot and it shows in his lectures. His lectures are based on the text itself and you are expected to study it often.
Brother Merrill is a nice man, but his tests are kind of ridiculous. You more or less have to have memorized the specific wording of hundreds of verses. His study guides are vague and the TAs are never available. Sometimes he says insensitive things and teaches non-official doctrine. If you test well, you'll be fine. If not, look somewhere else.
Brother Merrill's class was a breeze. Students complain that his tests are too specific, but they aren't that difficult, especially if you study. If you have a decent knowledge of the Book of Mormon you should be able to do well on every test. His lectures are definitely more focused on the spiritual side of things, not so much scholarly.
Brother Merrill's BOM class is amazing! However, the tests are very specific. There are lots of direct quotes, without references, and you are expected to know them. However, this is the most spiritual class I have ever taken. I would take his class for the spirit, not the grade.
I enjoyed this class! However, I would say this class is not for everyone. If you want an easy religion class, don't take from Brother Merrill. His tests are quite specific and can be difficult if you don't study. However, I loved his lectures and feel like I know the Book of Mormon so much better now! More like an old friend than just a book.
His lectures are ridiculously disorganized and he jumps around the text all the time. He has no slides so he's impossible to follow. He also skims through the info you need for the test and then talks about his personal life and politics. His tests do not reflect his lectures either and his study guides suck. Do not take from him.
This is one of my favorite religion classes I have ever taken, I left every class feeling uplifted and inspired. I was not very familiar with the subject before this class, and I felt like the RMs had a big advantage over me, but the tests were fair if you do the reading and follow the study guides.
Honestly, if you aren't an RM, this class is a bad idea. The lectures are inspiring and very informative, but don't relate to the tests in any useful way. The tests are brutal and don't match the study guides at all. However, if you are looking to really deepen your understanding of the Book of Mormon, Merrill is your guy
This was the worst experience I could have had with a religion class. The lectures are vague and scattered, the study guides for the tests are often inaccurate, and the tests are not well written. The test questions are always very specific, and many of them were never mentioned in class. Terrible class, please don't take a class from Bro. Merrill
Brother Merrill is a good teacher, and knows what he is talking about. However, his study guides are extremely vague and his tests are very hard. The average grade is never above a B on tests which in my opinion is ridiculous for a religion class.
