There were assignments every week and required a lot of work. But the homework allowed me to be creative. It was hard but actually pretty fun.
Doug is a good teacher and always willing to help. I found his lectures to be understandable and the homework reasonable.
I took the intro cs course, not knowing what cs was! I wasn't sure I would like it but it was great! There were lab assignments due every week. I'm thinking about majoring in cs
good, solid course. i liked it
The class cs206 was a good introduction to cs. Prof was available outside of class. I learned alot!!
Good course and good introduction to cs.
Doug is a really nice, well-meaning guy, but not a great professor. He is scatterbrained, disorganized, and is a horrible introduction into computer science. Students who have prior experience find it way too easy, and students who have little to no experience (the target audience of the class) have not grasped the basic concepts by the end.
Doug is one of the best professors I've met. Always crystal clear in his instructions and willing to go over the concepts patiently with you in class if you don't understand. He's there for you when you have questions and really cares about students' learning.
I came to the college ready to be a computer science major, but both his intro class and data structures class left me feeling incompetent in upcoming cs courses. I recommend taking your cs courses as haverford if you can!!!
This class was very boring and very dry. To be fair it was a writing class and not his forte BUT that's the point. He was not helpful at writing at all and quite frankly the class was a pain. It also didn't help that we didn't get any feedback until the last week of classes.
AWFUL Professor. RUN FAR AWAY FROM DOUG unless you are already a computer whiz. Then you will be fine.
CS 206 and 245: He went over the same few concepts again and again and again and... He wraps everything in nice metaphors and avoids using "scary" CS terminology whenever possible, leaving us inadequately prepared to take classes with other professors. Doesn't have time to meet with students, reply to e-mails or grade homework.
No Comments
He abused a mandatory core class to make us work on his research project. Also "forgot" to teach any material that was not directly relevant to his project (e.g. 2 of the 3 languages the course was supposed to cover). Avoid him if you can!
He assigns hardly any HW in higher-level classes. After a few weeks he realizes that no one remembers anything from the beginning of the course, and then you will spend most of the semester reviewing the first few weeks of class. Does he know that we invest less than 30 min/week into his classes? ... His robot intro course is fun though!
