I'm not sure where all of these reviews about fangirl problems are coming from--it's never been a problem in any class I've taken with him. Nate is a great professor. His lectures are excellent, but beyond his teaching skills, he responds to emails very quickly, makes himself available for questions, and is generally very understanding/flexible.
Yes, Nate is hot. Yes, the fangirls are annoying. But Nate is also brilliant. Wade through the overwhelming waves of estrogen to get to the front of the class and ask some thoughtful questions, and you realize that he's there to lecture, and absolutely brings it, every single time.
He's so adored because he's brilliant, clear, and a genuinely wonderful person. If you're going to take this class, put the work in as I think he was disappointed with the lack of intellectual rigor from my class. It would have been great if everyone pulled their intellectual weight.
Pros: Fun classes, very interesting and informative, manageable work load. One of my favorite professors on campus.
Cons: I agree with the review complaining about the fangirls. The hype is there for a reason, but it gets to be a bit much at times. Wright just seems bemused by it all.
Good professor, good man, excellent classes, very clear. Unfortunately, his fan-girl base is very frustrating in class, and sometimes one can not heard the academia through the "omg! nate, i looooooveee you &lt;3"
Nathan Wright is GOD. He is the best prof ever. Even if you don't give a damn about sociology, you will after his class. If he wasn't married already, I'd propose to the man on the spot just for his mind.
Professor Wright is amazing!
I LOVE PROFESSOR NATHAN WRIGHT!! HE IS SO BORING YET SEXY IN ORANGE!!!!!!!!! By the way, my friend and I are his two biggest fans!!!!!!!! We're so crazy about him that we wrote an essay for him!!!!!!!!
Amazing. Got me interested in the sociology major.
i LOVE doc wright. he's AMAZING. EVERYONE should take a class of his. he assigns alot of reading, but i'm never bored in class. i'd marry the guy if he wasn't married already!
knows his stuff... and no one can pull off a rock concert tee and wrinkled blazer like nate
Oh my god, I love this class.
Nate is awesome, he's a great teacher, he's funny, and I've learned SO MUCH this semester. I wasn't even interested in the class (I enrolled to fill a hole in my schedule) but now I want to minor in sociology. The work isn't too hard either. Yay for Nate being here and not Northwestern!
