He gives so much extra help and is super caring. Tests are easy enough that people mostly lose points for sign errors and silly stuff, which makes the curve a bit vicious.
Dr. Loveless is the best instructor I had so far. He is very responsible for students questions and spare a lot of time for review before midterms and final. He also provides a lot of useful materials for review and practices. Strongly recommended to take his class.
AMAZING teacher. He provides his students with every opportunity to succeed, and really cares about his students learning + doing well. He sent out weekly newsletters with helpful info, and provides everyone with old exams, practice problems, notes from lecture, and review sheets. He loves when students come to office hours. Cannot recommend enough
Loveless is the best, seriously made taking this class a breeze. He even did so well teaching the course that he was allowed to make the median grade .4 higher than what the department recommended. He was very thoughtful and encouraging with feedback about exams as well! Very fair and admittedly very easy class
Dr. Loveless is one of the best professors I have ever had! I did not have any pre-calc/calc background going into this class but his lectures made everything so easy to understand! Start the homework early and ask for help when you need it (very approachable and WANTS you to succeed)! 10/10 recommend but you have to put in the work on your end.
Loveless is an amazing teacher who really cares about his students and is very accessible for help. He does a wonderful job in lecture making methods clear and understandable. Only negative is grading system gives anyone at average grade a 2.9 GPA, and our class has had high exam percentages. Which makes it very difficult to get even close to a 4.0
Dr. Loveless is the best! He takes hard concepts and breaks them down into digestible segments. Not only that but he's easily the most likable and approachable professor I've had so far. I'll be taking 126 with him next quarter, and I'm actually looking forward to it!
He is really helpful and explains every detail in his lecture. Wanna boost your gpa? His class may not be the first choice for you. His test is pretty easy so you might fail to get a std above median just because you make some calculation mistakes.
He is really excellent and approachable. He does care about his students and is always willing to give you specific advice about how to improve your grades. He has his own website for almost every class he taught and you can always find lots of useful resources on it. In class, he can always make difficult concepts clear and understandable.
Web assign is $100? (most classes it's 20-60) AND assignments due 11pm instead of 11:59pm? First homework assignment is easy but VERY long. Other than that he's a nice professor.
Dr. Loveless is one of the best instructors I have ever had! He presents tough topics in a straightforward way that makes math accessible. If you can, go to his office hours. He truly cares that you understand the materials and gives students multiple opportunities to come to ask him questions, especially before exams.
Loveless is awesome!!! Come to his Calculus class and you will love math
Loveless gives very good lectures; he gives lots of examples and walks you through problems well. He is very clear in his expectations of you for midterms and the final. One thing to note: in my experience and from what I have heard from others his midterms are easier than other professor's, so be ready for the final. The textbook is terrible btw
This is a hard class, but if you go to lectures and do the homework it is almost impossible to fail. He provides lots of ways to get extra help and has a very well organized website. The only issue is, because he is a good lecturer, his averages are pretty high.
He is a phenomenal teacher who is very accessible outside of class, sent out weekly newsletters, and tips on how to manage the course load. The only critique I have is that while his online notes were helpful, difficult problems were hardly worked out. He emphasized doing homework for test but tests were actually a lot harder than the homework.
Loveless is awesome but since he is such a good professor the text averages were very high which made my grade suffer. He is one of the best calculus professors I have had here at UW. 10/10 recommend
Definitely one of the harder classes, but Loveless in a caring professor and his lectures are super clear. He also sends out weekly newsletters with tips to succeed and general encouragement that make you feel connected to him even though he has hundreds of students.
Consider yourself lucky if you get him: he's by far one of the best math teachers I've ever had. He is super thorough in his lectures and office hours, and often went through the hard problems from homework in class. His online notes are also top notch; you can use them even if you don't have him. Tests are difficult but graded fairly.
This man is by far the best math teacher or professor I have ever had. His lectures are extremely clear and he tries his best to make them interesting. Gives very specific tips and tricks to do well on exams. Take his class if you get the chance.
One word - RESPECT
