Unfortunately, this professor is not available for sharing his experience with the next generation of engineers and researchers.
Great Prof for Engineering. Retired Spring Quarter 2009
Great teacher, had alot of fun and actually learned alot. Things can get confusing at times but show up to class everyday, and you'll end up learning something.
Good teacher.  Great guy.  Easy class
Dr. Gozon is the most interesting person I have ever met. He has done a lot with his life, and will tell you all about it. Very nice guy, and means well, if you can get past his dry humor. Class is a breeze if you pay close attention to his detail and show up!
g0z0n r0x
Dr. Gozon was the most helpful professor that I've had at OSU. The class can be difficult if you don't keep on top of it but he will do anything to help you understand. Oh yeah, throw some pics of puppies on cover sheets of reports for a few bonus points!
Great Professor, class material was tough if you dont work at it. Do the work in class and ask for help and the class is a piece of cake.
Well organized class.  The structure of the material progressively got harder as well at its usefulness.  I was glad to have Dr. Gozon teaching me and I would take the class again for a GPA booster if I could .. lol
The title of this class is problem solving. This includes exams in which you are given a unlabeled data input file and no instructions. As it turns out, even the most sophisticated problem solvers have trouble with this. I got an A, but dealing with that all quarter was frustrating and a waste of my time.
Dr. Gozon is not your typical Professor, this man will teach you about not just engineering but how to be a better person. The class is not very structured but you get what you want to get from it. I would definatley recommend it to everyone.
Strange class...Civil Eng students had a COMPLETELY different curriculum.  I could never tell if he was speaking to us or the non-civils. Learned nothing from the class but got good advice from Gozon.
The best professor ever!!!
Very helpful, easy to work with
This professor is super easy and funny, but you don't really learn anything at all.
Dr. Gozon is great.  Very entertaining and if you show up and do some work you will do well.
Class isn't as easy as people make it out to be, however, Dr. Gozon is an extremely fair teacher.
Dr. Gozon is enjoyable to be around and he understands the students.
Dr. Gozon is very willing to help! His class is good and as long as you show up you will get an A.
This class had no structure what at all. Professor tried nothing to help you learn the material that you were expected to know 1. what the material actually was and 2. what exactly to do for the day's work. If you would like to shoot yourself everyday, take this class. Oh, and it didn't matter what you did, you can get an A because of self grading.
