Great guy, horrible professor. Do not take him if given the chance. His grading criteria is confusing and you don't know if you're going to pass until the final is put in because of the way he weighs everything. Worst prof ever.
Dr. Schreifels is really a great professor, very caring and genuine. He wants you to pass with the grade you desire but you need to earn it. Watch his online lectures outside of class and be prepared to do problems in class. He does I-clickers almost every class. The key is to stay ahead and youll be fine! Im so sad hes not teaching Chem212!!
He would assign videos to watch outside of class and in class time was for practice problems. First day he has everyone write their name on notecards and he draws names at random to answer questions on the board for credit and there's also iclicker quizzes so I would show up to class. He's a fine dude but not my preferred way of learning.
You definitely have to prepare outside of class if you want to pass. If you don't watch the videos before class, you'll just end up confused the entire time. Put in the work, or you wont pass. Don't bother emailing the professor because he never emails back. Show up to class because he will give you mini quizzes every class.
I attempted to receive help from him directly by emailing him and going to his office hours. This is not recommended. However, It's highly recommended to receive help on homework and practice exams from the tutoring center sooner rather than later. Attending the classes and review sessions helped significantly to learn the concepts. Good luck!
Honestly, he is such a kind soul who truly cares about his students. You can definitely tell he has a passion to teach. Just be sure to watch videos and try to get 100 on all homework. Put in the work, it's not that hard. I wish he was teaching orgo :(
Prof Schreifels was definitely not the professor for me. If you're more of an independent learner, for sure take Prof Schreifels. He posts lectures online and you're expected to know the material by next class. He uses class time for iClicker quizzes and if you don't know the material, you're kind of screwed. The TA's aren't much help either.
Awesome chem prof. Gives lecture videos as hw but mainly gives practice ?'s in class which is SUPER HELPFUL, especially for hw &amp; tests. Make sure to take careful notes! Iclickers every class. Really wants you to understand the concept and be able to solve different types of ?'s. Super caring &amp; always willing to help.
Kindest professor I know. I can't believe the amount of altruism he exerts. Always willing to help and has been teaching chem for years. Put in the effort, go to office hours, do your homework (use it to also review before test) and you will be fine. A few in class quizzes and problems. Took him over the summer.
Really nice guy, you just have to put in the work. He is more than willingly to help, and the he conducts his class just has to be your style.
doesn't lecture, makes u watch videos at home and just quizzes on the material (and sometimes things that weren't reviewed in the videos). several iclicker quizzes almost every class
"I can be your dad" is one of the ways he tells his students that he's there for you. Basically professor Rick from Rick and Morty, but in real life. If you ever want a good story you can hang out with him in his office anytime.
Nice and is willing to help and answer questions.
Chill
Had him for summer 2003 with Roberts Weatherspoon as the lab teacher. What a team, an incompetent lecture teacher and a RUDE lab professor. He doesn't even know how to grade, he says he curves yet he made a 70 percent which is a "C" in standard grading a C-!! What kind of curve is this?!
Chemistry is obviously his area of expertise, he is a man of genius. However, I do not feel that part of that expertise is being a professor for a Gen Ed course. He is very quiet, gave us assigned seats that kept switching, and his 4 exams used vocabulary that the 19+ homeworks didn't use. W/o the exams I had a high B, but I failed all the exams.
NOT TOO MUCH LECTURE IN CLASS!!!u have to watch his lecture videos to study the material before classes, so that he goes through practicing questions on the classes. For the course: IF U GOT HW &amp; PRACTICE DONE PERFECTLY, THEN U ARE FINE. u practice with the questions that u 'll have on exam. Final has its own question, but u can deal with it.
He's good professor but you have to do the work and have prior knowledge to get an A. Make sure you do/take notes of videos before lecture and complete hw. Ive heard people did well on exams when they went to review sessions/prac online exams. In class you do lot of 'group' probs and iclicker with little lecturing. Keep up wwork and ull do fine!
I'm not a chem wiz but Schreifels isn't as bad as people make him out to be. The key is to stay ahead. most people get confused because they fall behind. As far as exams, redo the prac. problems over and over until you memorize them (get an A if you do). Watch YouTube videos. Yes you will have to be practice a lot own your own but that's college
Basically his exam questions come straight from the online practice exams which makes it super easy to get a good grade on the exams. BUT this does not prepare you whats so ever for the ACS final and the lab also drops your grade. In the end he does a bell curve so like the last post do not expect a curve if you got a C, only for Ds or Bs.
