Overall you learn very little in this class.  His goal is to make you use critical thinking to answer questions, but in the end his teaching style means that you don't end up learning much about biology.  His office hours are very helpful, but he tends to tear apart the people who ask questions.  The class also has a harsh curve, all tests are T/F.
"My thinking questions are the type of evaluations you can expect on the MCAT". No Prof Owens, Ive taken the MCAT and can attest that memorization is far more valued than your method of TF grading which serves to primarily induce stress, confusion, and skewed expectations for premeds. Still must admit, he is very commited to teaching vital concepts
Here's the deal: If you're the type of person who has gotten by so far in life by memorizing text books then this class isn't for you. Ownens asks questions that require you to have a deep understanding of the material beyond the simple facts. They are difficult, but fair.
Worst class I ever chose to take.  The class is more of an exercise in proving the textbook wrong than it is understanding material.  The tests were all truefalse and completely destroyed everyone grade-wise.  DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS!
This dude is mad smart and I think he has difficulty conveying all of what's in his head. The prelims are tricky, but they make for really good discussion. Your study group will carry you, but you better know your material and how to manipulate it.
Tom Owens is better at proving the textbook wrong than conveying information to students. Easily the worst mistake I've made since coming here has been taking this class in the fall with him. TF Qs ONLY, a confusing as hell examgroup exam grading system, and a CURVED PARTICIPATION GRADE made this easily the worst class experience I have so far.
Go to office hours - they really help!
Owens is a great lecturer and knows the material well, but his prelims test how much you're able to think like him, rather than how much of the material you know. The best thing about him is that he lets you re-take each test with your study group for extra credit. This is the best way to understand your mistakes in this class.
Yeah um this class was a disaster. If you're a hard worker, it won't really matter unless you can get around tricky test questions. Honestly this class is just a way of giving students who know the material well, and who got 4's and 5's on their AP Biology exams, bad grades. Just an awful experience.
If you're looking for an intro biology class to take, I'd take one where your grade is not based on wordy truefalse confusing tests! Maybe I would take again as a sophomore, but disastrous first "science" course at Cornell!
All test questions are truefalse. Extremely tricky questions and you must understand the material beyond the textbook. Seriously need to understand how he words the questions on the exams to do well in the class. Majority of your grade is based on test grades.
Good guy, very smart and cares a lot about the material. Lecture are helpful but personally I wouldn't go to them if he didn't take attendance through those mini (ungraded) quizzes. Tests are east once you get the hang of them, but it may take one or two prelims to do so. The best way to study is not to just memorize but to understand the material.
He is an amazing professor who is always there for his students. He truly cares and his office hours are extremely helpful. People who dislike him just don't utilize all the help he offers. He says it himself this is not a memorization course
You think you substantially know the material but it doesn't really help when you're taking a prelim. The truefalse tests are incredibly difficult and make you feel bad about yourself. Attend Owen's office hours if you want to receive a satisfactory grade. Take this in the Spring!
This class is/isn't worth studying for. Read the text, participated in study group, + attended some office hours, still got killed by T/F exams. :( Take this in the spring, or take a BIOEE instead!!!
You have to think like him to do well in the class. It's probably better to take it as a sophomore (after you take cell biology BIOMG 1350 as a freshman). His exams are pretty confusing and might not measure how much you studied. If you want to stick with the class, go to his office hours!!! This is the ticket to not failing!
Very smart person and expects you to be just as smart. his t/f exams are tricky and requires you to know the txtbk material VERY well and then APPLY them to the situation. go to office hours and listen even if you dont have questions. go to lectures and take notes on what he says. He is pretty condescending when explaining an answer to a question..
The exams are super hard. The trick to the class is attending his office hours. According a vast majority of the students I know, that's where he bases his Prelim questions on.
So vague, when asking questions he gives vague answers/"big picture" yet some of his test questions are so specific. Try to take this class in the Spring!
I put so much effort into this class, but still got killed by the course. True/false exams were really tricky.
