In this class you will learn only a new appreciation of pain
His class is very work intensive and can be demotivating, but you'll learn a lot and get a refresher on world news. Hard class but definitely not impossible.
Fullenkamp's great professor who really cares about his students and wants to see them succeed. If you're taking 101 take it with him. Lots of worked b/c of flipped classroom, but you will learn a ton of useful econ. Tests are hard and everyone fails but just do better than everyone else. The 2 weeks off in October is nice. Go to TA office hours!
Professor Fullenkamp is a very intelligent individual, but he can expect too much of his students, especially for a 101 course. The workload is immense since it is a flipped classroom, and the problem sets consume a lot of time. Classes are spent doing problems instead of teaching. Overall, it is a very demanding class, but definitely worth taking.
Fullenkamp is a great professor and is excellent at teaching economics. The class demands a lot but it is very worth it.
Fullenkamp is honestly brilliant. The man will teach you a ton about Econ. However, be prepared to work. Nothing is easy in this class and everything is earned. Write down formulas and buzzwords for the Midterms and Finals and go to his TA Office Hours for the problem sets.
Fullenkamp will make you know economics, but it might be at the expense of your GPA and dignity. Lecture can be rather intimidating: 250+ students in an auditorium, and not an actual lecture but practicing problems where you'll be called on to present in front of the entire class. It's a flipped class - you watch 90+ min of videos for each class
expects a lot but it's only because he's a genius and really wants his students to understand the material. grades are completely based on where you fall on the curve.
Very hard, very long tests.
This is an amazing class and you learn a lot of concepts in it, but you must be ready to work. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU ARE NOT GENUINELY INTERESTED IN ECONOMICS. You will want to cry. So much information crammed into really hard midterms. No one passes and there's a huge curve. Totally recommended if you are actually interested in the topic.
Very entertaining lecturer. You will learn a ton about econ and how to think in an economic sense. Also will force you to read the WSJ and stay up to date with the news. Tests were kind of ambiguous but if you correctly use buzzwords and FINISH the test you should be fine. Great intro course teacher
Probably the hardest class ever taken at Duke, but learned a ton about econ. His class is so very different from others because he doesn't teach based on textbooks. He uses real-world news articles as class materials and asks us to analyze them with economics models. Definitely watch all videos. Go to class and do all problems he gives.
Fullenkamp is absolutely hilarious. He makes classes interesting. He also takes the time to get to know his students even though it's a large introductory lecture. This class isn't as hard as people make it out to be but it's still difficult. I would not recommend it unless you are considering becoming an econ major.
Dr. Fullenkamp's brilliant way of teaching economics will make you THINK in a completely different way. He is accessible and always happy to help - but don't waste his time with silly questions about the problem sets. It's a time-consuming class, but worth every second. Yow, you are getting the best returns on your investment if you take his class
Professor Fullenkamp is one of the coolest people at Duke. He can easily see through bs so don't try to tell him you actually enjoy economics if you just want to be an investment banker. You can tell he really cares about his students because he holds office hours twice a week, unlike most high ranking professors. Take this class for sure!!!
This is not only the best class I took in this semester, but during my whole bachelor (Senior). Fullenkamp makes the difference. He's always ready to teach. He introduces the topics in a very approachable way. With real world examples, it's easy to see how useful this class is. The weekly workload allows you to stay on top of the material. 10/10
Most complained about course at Duke. Not sure why he makes it so hard. It was a struggle. I do not know many people who received A's in the course.
Smartest and most entertaining economics professor at Duke. Defiantly worth taking any class he teaches so long as you are actually interested in understanding the subject and willing to put in the time. Can be a bit intimidating but really does mean well.
Fullenkamp's class is very much application based. In our flipped class, we watched videos of him teaching the concepts and then spent class time discussing problems. He would give us WSJ articles to read and we would analyze them together in class. Really grounds these abstract economics concepts and helps you work through them.
Professor Fullenkamp once leaned over to pick something up and I was met with his  bald, knowledge-packed head 3 inches from my face. It was a spiritual revelation.  He's also brilliant, hilarious, and designs lectures to make you truly THINK. It's one of the most educating classes at Duke, but prepare to WORK for it!
