Dr. Conroy was terrible. The classes were confusing and he was condescending and rude at times when we did not speak up to answer questions. The homework is designed to take a really long time and the exams were graded very harshly. I regret having taken this class and should have waited to take it with a different professor.
This course was designed for you to utilize the Math Study Center due to the large workload and how ineffective his lectures were in learning the material. If you prefer studying alone, you may have a hard time with this course. This is especially true if you haven't taken a Precalculus course in high school or college before.
Really a hard grader, and the peer review is not fair for everyone, he just accepts it without any think
Very enthusiastic but sometimes the lectures don't really help with the hw
Hard grader, gives the toughest questions in exam, he clears doubts at office hours but the lectures are not well designed
He isnt the worst, but hes not good. He wrote the book he uses in class and it isnt a good one either. He goes over similar math problems as the homework, but you need to be there in class. He posts his notes online, but its hard to follow without seeing how he does them. I tried to learn from the book but its useless. Go to his office hours
Take this class at a CC and transfer it over. It's much easier and you'll learn more. He is very knowledgable but he can't teach.
Dropped the class within the first week, His explanations are good but he gives an example of a problem in lecture that has nothing to do with the homework. He was behind on topics every day, horrendous handwriting, doesn't post any of the work online for us to go back too, goes way too fast, speaks low too. Glad I dropped is all I got to say.
At first, this class was the most overwhelming lecture I had been to out of my 2 years. I was constantly stressed and didn't understand they way he lectured.  STICK WITH IT and do your homework.  GO TO HIS OFFICE HOURS. He's very nice and so good 1 on 1.  He talks way slower and offers so much help.  Utilize him and all profs as a resource!!
Dr. Conroy's lectures are very boring and they are not helpful. Regarding office hours, he is often available, but he makes you feel really dumb most of the time. In lectures where we review for tests, he only starts each problem, but rarely walks through the entire thing which is frustrating. Don't take this class unless you have to have it.
Heavy and difficult homework load, but way easier tests. Only required to do 90% of the homework throughout the quarter. Very frequent and very helpful office hours. Responds quickly on the discussion board. Is more than willing to explain something multiple times. Getting good at this class becomes easier throughout the quarter, like any other.
The class uses the textbook written by him. He also has no idea how to teach a basic pre-calc class. I've learned more from Khan Academy in a day then I have from him in a quarter. The class consists of just going through the warm ups and then maybe a problem. His handwriting is illegible. Do yourself a favor and don't take his class.
The homeworks were graded with a fine tooth comb, but after the first couple, it wasn't too hard to get a good grade. Projects that we completed were not graded on how successful the results were, but rather the process of finding the results. I recommend having strong programming knowledge as it is necessary to do well in the class.
I find it a bit weird that all the negative reviews for Conroy have similar tone/voice and are for Math 120 -- something he hasn't taught in years... Sounds like a past student that still hasn't gotten over their failure... Anyway, Conroy is very good. If you doubt me, please check the official UW Course Evaluation Catalog - he averages very high.
He is the best professor at UW. His teaching is so clear because he doesn't teach. His HW assignments are so easy because the thing he does in class doesn't cover anything on the HW so khan academy, but he's so cool like omg. Also he has his own textbook which has 0 errors and his like the best choice he ever made. 10/10 would love to take again.
Extremely harsh grader.
Conroy is  least helpful professor I have ever met. When I asked him for some help he shrugged &amp;  said that many people don't pass his class the first time around &amp; I could just re-take it the next quarter. I also asked if I could set up a time to meet with him &amp; he ended agreeing to see 4 other students at the same time. Homework to hours complete
Great Professor. His homework is hard but he holds homework sessions every week. He is really strict for grading homework though. Test was fair. As long as go to every lecture and do all the homework and exam archive problems. You will be fine for the test. He is really helpful. The lecture is really clear. I would recommended him.
Tests are fair and lectures are clear, but homework gets difficult in the second half of the class. The only real problem I had was that his homework sessions (different from his office hours) were late. I commute so I could only make it to a handful of sessions. When I did go though, he was very helpful. Would definitely recommend him.
I don't know why Conroy has such low ratings. He's an awesome dude and will help you succeed if you work hard. That being said, the only way to succeed in the class is to go to OH every week and have him look over every one of your proofs for homework. Be patient and responsive to his feedback, and you will gain a lot from him.
