Don't be a whiny, annoying student who sighs and pouts through Brown's class if you know his reputation. People are overreacting. He's old-school, not too problematic anymore (he's more aware of his behavior and criticisms), and has average lectures. Sure he gets off track sometimes, but still finishes PowerPoints. Personally wasn't too engaged
Doesn't really bother answering any questions during lecture, but ridicules students and assumes they didn't read. Constantly trying to maintain this image of being a grump, even brags about it. Is pretty funny and teaches an interesting class, but really seems like he hates being there.
I loved this course and this professor. He gets a lot of flack for being too old school, but in all honestly, if you can't keep off of your phone or feel like you can stroll in late and disrupt those of us who enjoy learning, then you don't have the right to be in class. Brown is truly a well of knowledge and he makes the concepts quite relatable.
He is a truly knowledgeable and talented professor. He expects students to be respectful towards eachother and to him. He has an unfiltered sense of humor, but truly cares about his students. I have learned so much from Brown that I don't really care what my grade is. I 100% recommend taking any of his courses. He is fantastic.
Brown get a pretty bad reputation because of his "strict" rules. He doesn't allow you to be on your phone in class, he doesn't allow you to arrive late to tests or classes etc., all of which are pretty reasonable rules. The best prof I have had and would definitely take another class with him. Just be a respectful student and open to learning.
Prof Brown is highly neurotic and refers to himself as "Browner the downer". he says it is ironic that he teaches personality classes because his personality is terrible. Honestly, he is mean and unfortunate to listen to, but his class is not all that bad. 4 easy papers, 3 tests. The grade you get is what you get - no wiggle room.
I got a 2.0 in the class which wound up being the class average meaning majority of his students received a 2.0. I got almost 100% on all 4 papers and got average for every test. He doesn't curve his class so you get what you get. He clearly hates teaching and lets the class know that every lecture. He tries to trick you on exams.
Jonathan Brown is an amazing professor, love him XD
Dr. Brown is not a bad prof, but if you take him too seriously, you'll be miserable in the class. The grade consists of a weekly quiz, 3 papers, and 3 tests. There is no curve. You NEED to study and read the book if you want a good grade. Going to lecture is helpful, but not really necessary to understand the material as long as you read the book.
Lectures can be pretty entertaining, but Brown will spend most of his time telling you how stupid you are. Even if you don't wear Tom's and Lululemon it will probably get quite tiresome for you. He's pretty good for Social (345): uses his own textbook, read it and you'll do fine. Tests in this class were awful though: not challenging in a good way.
Most people dislike him but that's okay because he doesn't care. He's a good lecturer. He gives everyone an equally hard time but in some weird way he cares about how much you learn. Exams are very hard (largely due to his vocabulary). He doesn't check his tests for confusing or misleading questions so what you get is what you get.
If you take things too seriously, you will probably be offended by a lot of his comments/jokes but I personally think he is hilarious. He does not sugar coat anything and is straight forward. He literally notices EVERYTHING so do not text in class. As for his exams, I didn't find them too hard. You just have to actually try and READ THE BOOK.
Brown just leaves you in the wild to fend for yourself. He doesn't give assignments so know how to study. Do not be expecting an easy A. A lot of memorizing. He doesn't have office hours, only his TA's do.
I loved Brown's lectures (though he DOES call out students for yawning, sleeping, etc., which can be a turn off for some), but wasn't so crazy about his grading. Grade is based off of 3 tests; no curve. To pass, you have to study really, really hard, but even though I did so, I struggled immensely. Like Brown, but would pick a different professor.
The good: Brown is well organized and rarely has a lecture spill over to the next day. His presentations are very clear and he is explicit regarding what you do and don't need to know.  The bad: Tests are difficult and there is a lot of material.  The ugly: While he is not racist or sexist, he frequently and openly mocks students.
p good
One of the most miserable professors at the UW. Knows the material well, but takes pride in not communicating with his students. He's on tenure, so watch out.
Impossible to focus on the content of the course while he continually targets and harasses students during lecture. Adds nothing to the class, just really distracting. Just a mean guy who uses the course as an attempt to raise his (obviously very low) self esteem. Hard to get a good grade (class average is a 2.5) and not worth anyones time.
Anyone rating him as good are doing so out of relief for having a decent grade-which is a battle in itself. He is rude, condescending &amp; arrogant. Class was graded on 3 tests that are *not* curved. Your understanding means *nothing*, it's all memorization of little info. Even if you score above avg, there is that 75% chance it will ruin your GPA.
I've been through many upper-division classes in both the psych and bio and I can pretty confidently assert that Brown is not a good professor. His condescension and inane distaste for technology offsets his intellectual accumen to the point where learning from him is more of a task than a pleasure. The work is not the problem, it's the person.
