Easy A. Four exams for your grade. All open note and most are take home. Lectures are a little bland and some questions on the exams aren't in the book or slides. It is open note though so they are still very easy. Would recommend. Easy A.
He is so sweet and truly cares about his students! He doesn't believe in traditional memorization so he allows open note exams (hint, use his powerpoints from class and skim the textbook beforehand so you know where everything is in the chapters). 100% recommend!!
Literally this is an EASY A!!! I did not show up most of the class, just read the book and his power-point.
This class was almost too easy for me. He is a nice professor and talks alot but its good. The exams were open book but may not always be that way. Everything is in the textbook or online too. The last two were take home exams which makes it even easier. Maybe the class can be more challenging but people will still not care so everyone is happy.
Class is only open book classes. Sometimes the questions on the test werent in the book but overall it was a v easy class. He spends most of his lectures humblebragging
The grade comes from 4 open note tests. Usually there are a couple of questions on the test about his lectures, but everything else you can learn from reading the book. There's also an option to do an extra credit paper, you just can't use it to get from an A to an A+. He's very friendly and likes to tell jokes, he'll also talk about careers.
this guy is awesome! he gave 4 tests that were super easy--literally just questions from the study guide-- and most of the time they were take-home. he really listens to what the students want and cares for them on top of being HILARIOUS. love love love him!!!!
Prof. Shiraev is very knowledgeable and has first-hand experiences to share with the class. He is one of the authors of the textbook that is used and slides are available on blackboard; there are minor differences between what is shown in class. He's a bit too pro-Russia for me that is in conflict with my previous learning and work contexts.
Very nice guy. Everything is in the textbook, you just have to find it. The tests are open book and easy, you just need to have the review done and you'll be able to get a good grade on the tests.
Great professor, Russian accent is easy to understand. Very smart, funny, caring. He offers a global view and has lots of jokes and practical examples. Works with you,offers an extra credit paper. Read book (he wrote it) and take notes for open book exams. You need to go to class, he has class examples that aren't in the book. Class is fun! Go!
JUST TAKE HIM IF YOU CAN AWESOME PROFESSOR TESTS ARE TAKE HOME AND HES JUST SO SWEET AND CARING! BEST PROFESSOR FROM MY FOUR YEARS IN MASON
If you have the chance to take any class by Professor Shiraev do it. Open book exams and there isn't attendance taken. There is also an extra credit paper worth 5%. If you get anything less than a B in this class then you really shouldn't be in school, plus the syllabus is clear and concise
People will tell you all his classes are open book - proceed with caution b/c you could be in the ONE class he has a semester that isn't. Other than that, he's a good prof but will spend WAY too much time on some things rather than others. You can get away with skipping class if you read the textbook - it's written by him so it's 100% same material
This past semester he didn't do the open note tests like he had before. The class is kind of boring but he's nice. He does give study guides that include 90% of what is on the tests but sometimes the test will include very specific #s (ex. 72% of population, 4.3 million people, etc.) that are nearly impossible to get.
His class is very fair. Read the book and do the study guide and you should do well. Extra credit is great
Dr. Shiraev is a phenomenal professor. His class for IR Theory is made up of 4 tests, non-cumulative and 1 term paper that varies between 2200 to 3000 words. His tests are open book, open note, and you can have your laptop out at the same time. So needless to say you can get an A no problem. Dr. Shiraev himself is very wise, so please take him!
I was expecting an easy A out of this class, but for me it wasn't an easy. I don't know if it was because of his teaching style that I struggled with this class or because I didn't understand the material. You don't really have to go to class. His study guides are so long and tests on the minor details. Only the last test was open note.
He is the BEST !!!!!!
Professor Shiraev is so knowledgeable and respected in his field. However, his lecture style was really hard for me to follow and his tests focused on tiny details instead of important concepts and facts. The final was open note and that made all the difference.
TAKE THIS CLASS!! He is a very nice person. The textbook is written by him so you don't even need to show up. easy A
