Mr. Coffey does not use slides or handouts to supplement his lectures, and in many law classes under many instructors, this would lead to confusion. However, he is a dynamic speaker who contextualizes each term or concept mentioned and has a way of crafting a narrative when speaking. I learned a great deal about employment law and would take again.
I would definitely recommend this class. Coffey is a great teacher who makes difficult topics very easy to understand. The class is a little lecture heavy, but if you take good notes you will do good. Although, he doesn't post grades on blackboard, so you have to ask him about your grades. Im expecting an A in the class!
Incredibly easy to get a B but you have to go the extra mile for an A. Coffey makes lectures interesting and keeps your attention. He tells you what the questions will be on exams so you know exactly what to study for. You don't need the expensive textbook, everything you need is a google search away. Not accessible outside of class, doesn't use BB
Dr. Coffey made Racial Diversity through Law easy to understand and interesting. Exams are all essay based, but not difficult by any means. If you go to lecture and take notes, it is not hard to do well in his class.
No need for the book. He explains everything you need to know during a lecture just take notes. Tells you exactly what is on test but can be a little tough grading them. Overall great guy very nice and seems to care about subject and students.
I seriously loved this professor. He was very straight forward and only gave you the information you NEEDED. My favorite thing about him was you could literally send him a text and he'd meet with you, go over your exams, and if you can validate your answers and prove your thinking, he'll give you the points back. He likes hard workers :)
Professor Coffey is a great lecturer. What I did not like, however, was the fact that he does not keep you updated on your grades (nothing was posted to blackboard our entire semester). All tests are writing based. I do not feel that I got a fair enough grade for the amount of effort that I put into this WI class. Also textbook was written by him.
Coffey is an amazing professor. There aren't many quizzes or exams but they are relatively easy if you show up to class and pay attention. Points are given for attending lecture as well so it is easy to get an A as long as you put in the effort.
I really enjoyed this class and his teaching. He's quite a hottie and a very good lecturer, my only complaint is he's a very old school lecture. I wish he would have made powerpoints, but very good overall and would take again!
So I had to take this class to graduate because its a university requirement and my major doesn't have anything to do with law. However, I loved this class and I loved Coffey. One of the best professors I had so for and he's a hottie. Definitely recommend taking this class with him... lets you out early and is super understanding if you miss.
One of the best classes I have ever taken! As long as you take all the notes you will pass the tests He tells you what's on the exams so they are not hard at all. Don't really use the textbook so there is no need to waste your money.
This was one of my favorite professors at CMU. He is genuine, respectable, and knowledgable. Lectures are very important so show up and get engaged. Take thorough notes and study them. Make sure how to explain things discussed  and go the extra steps to get a good grade. He is very helpful and great at teaching. A+
I am not interested in anything related to politics or history of the law, but Professor Coffey is one of the most outstanding professors I have ever had. He cares and he makes the lectures really interesting. He is a 10/10 professor.
Professor Coffey is very laid back and understanding. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you aren't there you miss out on his great lectures and actually have to read the book (which is way more confusing). If you miss an assignment (except quizzes and tests) just send it to him in an email and he'll likely accept it. Great professor overall.
Professor Coffey is very laid back and understanding. Attendance isn't mandatory but if you aren't there you miss out on his great lectures and actually have to read the book (which is way more confusing). If you miss an assignment (except quizzes and tests) just send it to him in an email and he'll likely accept it. Great prof and a cool guy.
Amazing professor, show up  to class and he gives you all the answers and walks through all the cases. homework is  done for credit. I'm a science major  and i don't even mind  going to  this class.
Very good Professor. He really cares about you learning the topic and not just memorizing it. He dumbs it down but also keeps it interesting. It is clear he wants students to do well in the class.
AMAZING professor. Very clear lectures and provides much information. Would recommend time and time again. Took him 3 times throughout my years.
Old school but teaches a great class. Show up, listen to his interesting lectures, &amp; take good notes over them. Don't buy the book you don't need it. Passes around an attendance sheet. Exams and quizzes are essay format but easy if you go to class. Just apply the rule of the law during the time period. No homework ever. Never saw a grade below a B-
Coffey's lectures were very interesting and easy to pay attention to. You definitely need to go to class to pass. You don't really need to book if you don't want to purchase it; he goes over all the cases in detail in class. Tests are tough, and he is difficult to get a hold of for extra help.  However, he is very nice and respectful.
