DO NOT TAKE if you don't love culture things and these books. He has extra class which will influence your grade, and his study guide is horribly tough, though u can pass exams with study guide.
He's caring, very lenient with deadlines. He gives you a study guide for the exam with the questions related to the exam. Class is very relaxed, you don't need to participate and he talks a lot. You don't need to take a lot of notes in class.
great professor, talks a lot in class, does not care if you listen or not. one of the best in nyu
Definitely taking Barna again. Very understanding if you ever needed an extension or missed a class for something important. If you were late and spoke to him after class about it he'd usually just mark you as "present. " He gave study guides that could be filled out and used on midterm/final which were very easy but very long. No one really read.
Barna is the best professor at NYU! Easiest A and a great class to catch up on your sleep. Take him!
Barna's a legend - TAKE HIM!! Play for his intramural team/talk to him about sportsA. His lectures are quite useless so use them as a study hall. Midterm and finals are long but you get a study guide - and NOTHING else comes. In fact, u can even meet him outside class and he'll help u fill the whole study guide! He's the easiest professor at NYU.
Barna is the easiest A you'll ever recieve. Sweet guy and means well but if you actually want to learn something do NOT take him. Also trying to stay awake during his lectures proves incredibly difficult.
Living legend. Show up to class, fill out the study guides that you get to use on the exams and you will get an A.  He's the easiest teacher at nyu.
He is genuinely very kind. He rambles off topic a lot; read and teach yourself and be up to date with booksHe is very lenient on work, I turned in everything on the last day of class. Literally just go to class do not skip and just talk to him time to time and you will probably get an A-. if you discuss in class (literally anything) he'll love you.
He is truly an "old fashioned" professor.  If you take him, prepare to have 2 very long midterms, but he gives you them beforehand and lets you take them with the test. Definitely do not wait to the last night to fill them out and you will be more than OK. I love JB and if you can manage your time you will as well.
I thought I would be able to sit through his long, boring,  useless, and off-topic lectures all semester for the easy A, but I was terribly mistaken. I did not learn a single useful thing, and to top it off, he EXPECTS  you to attend extra classes OUTSIDE of the normal class schedule at the end of the year because of his disorganization.
Professor Barna is a nice guy who is passionate about classic literature. His lectures can get so far off topic, however, that sometimes it feels as though he's really rushing through material. He spent the first two classes of the semester telling us how "different" he is from every other professor at NYU... which is what every professor thinks.
Such a nice guy. Very clear on his expectations and a fair grader. He is always willing to help and will make sure you understand all material before a midterm or final. Interesting lectures and great professor overall. Highly recommended
His midterm is 4 hours long. His final is 6 hours long. NOT A JOKE. He NEVER stays on topic. If you're an athlete, you will DEFINITELY get an A. I feel bad because he seems to genuinely care about his students but at the same time -- all his attempts backfire and make the lives of his students a lot harder. Don't take him, please.
He is a really nice guy. He will give you review guide for exams, and during the exams, you are allowed to look at your notes on the review guide. He is sentimental but super friendly. Attendance seems to be mandatory, but he doesn't really care as long as you give him valid explanations for your abscence. I will definitely take him again!!!!!
Boring, disorganized lectures. I really recommend you don't take him.
Very disorganized and pretty incapable of staying on topic. Doesn't make it through a lot of the syllabus. As long as you read what he assigns, put in minimal effort, and participate once or twice in class so he knows your name, you are going to get an A
Really just a wonderful man who wants his students to learn. Can get boring at times, so try to start discussions with him and you'll be amazed at how interesting it can turn out to be. Great overall professor.
He is the man, works diligently, goes through great material, and funny!
His teaching style is not for all but all can succeed. Class can be rowdy and repetitive. The 3 papers are of little importance. Show effort on those, but don't kill yourself. Through the midterm and final he will see how well you listened in class and grade you on that. Easy A IF you do the work, as he says. As a person he is passionate and kind.
