Get yourself an attractive professor who can really get down at an EDM concert. Definitely one of my favorite professors so far. Not only is he incredibly intelligent but he can also be very laid back and relatable to all this students.
Great professor! Very caring and accommodating.
Awesome professor and incredibly understanding.
Definitely one of my favorite professors so far. Truly knowledgeable and he's a cutie too.
Probably one of the youngest professors I've had so far. He has an awkward personality, which makes him really cute and personable. Highly recommend taking his class.
He's very young! Enjoyed his class for his personality and charm. Enjoyed learning more about Education through his teaching methods. He will crack a joke here and there to make sure the class stays engaged. Also, who wouldn't appreciate a good looking professor, right?
So genuine and kind, really enjoyed taking his class! Explains things very well and clearly. Is very accessible and approachable.
Most humanistic lecturer in Education-- very charismatic, animates the material very well.
Interesting course to take. Probably won't take it again since he mostly relies on his TA's to grade and answer discussion questions.
HE'S A TRUE GEM! He's hilarious and awkward at the same time but he knows his stuff. I would take his class again if I could. Definitely the highlight of all my classes at Stanford so far.
This is his first year teaching at Stanford and he did an amazing job. The stuff I learned in his class will help me advance in my major.
He assigned way too much work for an undergrad class but overall, he's pretty chill. I wouldn't take his class again because I don't have to. It's easy to pass if you put in the work.
By far, one of the most material-heavy undergrad classes I've had. However, he's pretty understanding and will be available for assistance if needed.
He's really funny and inspiring in through his knowledge about Education.
He is by far one of the nicest and youngest professors I've had. His lecture slides were amazing and he seemed to be very passionate about Education. To those that are planning to take his class, be prepared to work hard. Overall, he's an amazing professor.
Professor Vo is very passionate about Education. However, he sets such high expectations for his class, which could be very overwhelming. He's a wonderful professor but I wouldn't take his class again due to the workload.
Professor Vo expects a lot from his students but he does try to be helpful outside of class. He assigns a lot of readings so be prepared for that, but a few of them are very interesting if you actually read them. He's also pretty funny in an awkward kind of way; I appreciate that he doesn't just lecture from his podium.
I had to drop his class due to the overwhelming workload. Sure we get to work in groups but he expects such rapid deadlines. Don't take his class if you don't have a flexible schedule.
Hes really funny and a little awkward. Like everyone else, he gives a lot of work but hes a professor with a great personality and seems like he really cares.
He dived into lecture immediately on the first day. He's was a bit comical and awkward, but that was probably because of it being the first day. He knows what he's talking about, but like the other reviews, I wish he wouldn't give as much work. :
