Literally the best: had him as TA for both gen chem I and II. always gives the best advice for quizzes in recitation on Friday cares a lot about his students, our sleep, how we are, our grades. the funniest guy has LOTS of office hours and he'll tell you whenever he has via email every time, and he'll be incredibly helpful (in rec and office hours)
Yoel is the rare NYU science professor who cares for his students. DNA Nanotech isn't easy and his lectures can be scattered, but he does everything he can to help you understand both outside of lecture and in recitation. He can be a tough grader on exams, but he literally tells you what concepts will be on the exam during lecture - go to class.
Yoel is awesome, and the best TA in Gen Chem. I strongly recommend taking him. Just be warned: he'll sometimes tell everyone to stop what they're doing in the lab to tell a bad dad joke.
Yoel is the best TA in all of General Chemistry, and probably in all of NYU. He cares about all of his students and teaches only towards their success! He gives excellent tips for quizzes and exams, and makes chemistry genuinely more fun. You are doing yourself a disservice if you don't choose him for as your recitation instructor. :)
Yoel is the absolute best!! I had him for both Chem I and Chem II and loved him! He is very passionate about chemistry and will be willing to help you whenever you need it! Overall, I highly recommend taking Yoel if you can
LOVE LOVE LOVE Yoel! Honestly the best recitation instructor every! Definetely take him if you have a chance
Yoel is honestly the best recitation instructor ever! He always sends us resources for studying for the midterms/finals, and always answers any questions you have (he literally responds to his emails in 2 minutes). Definitely choose him when you take gen chem!!!
Yoel regularly sends out emails with study tips and guides. He keeps you updated with course work and grades.
Yoel is the best thing to happen to General Chemistry. If you have a chance to take his recitation, DO SO! I've learned the most on Friday recitations, more so than in Lab or even in lecture. He really combines individual-learning, group-learning, and lecture-based learning. He's amazing and caring and will make sure you UNDERSTAND the material.
I felt that I got a true grasp of chemistry during his recitation and he truly had the best interest of his students in mind. If possible, I would 100% recommend that you enroll in his lab and recitation sections.
Yoel is honestly one of the best TA's you could ever have for Gen Chem! Try to get his recitation session--ask someone who had him last semester as he lets them know what sections he teaches. He's caring, funny, and honestly always there if you need someone to talk to. He made chem understandable and is such an easygoing guy. Definitely recommend!
Yoel is truly the best recitation instructor. He cares and makes learning fun and easy. You could talk to him about anything and he strays away from making class stressful. I would take him ten times over.
Yoel was a wonderful TA and genuinely cared about his students. He was always accessible and didn't take long to email back. I had him for recitation and he would go over important concepts that we needed to know for the exam. He is also a very funny and laid back guy. Take his class if you get the chance!
Professor Yoel was what made morning lab, interesting, fruitful, unique and enjoyable. He cares about his students, he wants what is best for them, and would go out of his way to make sure we understood what we are doing on a theoretical and practical level. His sense of humor, along with his mastery over teaching the subject is what made him GOAT.
Yoel was my favorite TA at NYU ever. He really cares about his students and his sense of humor and personality make chemistry fun. He is super accessible outside of class and always emails back within minutes, and his emails with study tips and chemistry info are really useful. If you have a chance to take any of his classes, I highly recommend it.
One of the most respected and well liked teachers out there. Incredibly easy to get along with. Always has great material ready for you in order to crush the exams, and has never failed to go out of his way to help me if need. Highly recommend!
Yoel was the best professor and TA ive had at NYU - he explained chemistry concepts extremely well and always made sure we were well prepared for the exams. His office hours were open on the weekends and made it extremely easy to excel if you put in the effort!
Yoel is the best! Do anything you can to take one of his classes. Best recitations, and so helpful in and outside of class. He cares so much about every student and is ALWAYS available if you have any questions.
Hes a great guy!
Honestly, you can't go through undergraduate and have a fulfilling college experience without taking a class with Yoel. A funny guy and relatable as hell. He will make chemistry a piece of cake and does everything to help you along the way. A definite must!!!!!!!
