This class was maddeningly tedious
Put in the work and you will do well. Curtis is a great professor when you get to know him and his teaching style. If youre willing to work hard and seek out help if youre struggling, Curtis will help you succeed; no other professor holds extra office hours late into the night (around midnight) the week before the exam. Highly recommend
This course taught me that there is more to life than high finance.
Terrible class, Curtis emphasizes memorization over concepts...
Professor Curtis is the only professor who refuses to take student questions during lectures. Let that sink in.
Strict professor and very disorganized lectures
This class was an absolute waste of time. Disorganized lectures, little guidance, and a moody professor. Take the finance course offered by the hotel school.
If you think the 40-paged syllabus is excessive, you're going to think this entire course is excessive.
Do not take this class if you have any interest in learning about finance.
Go to his review lectures, they will save you hours of cumbersome lectures throughout the semester. But if you really want to save some valuable time, take a different finance class.
His lectures are some of the most sleep inducing ordeals I have had to deal with at Cornell and he makes it worse by shaming you if you're not attentive. Considering that I only have this issue with this class, I wonder whose fault this really is.
He knows magic tricks. His most famous trip is making the class fall asleep.
He has a quick exam turn over, only good thing I can say about Prof. Curtis.
The ridiculous course packet, the ridiculous videos, ridiculous exams, the ridiculous lectures, and his ridiculous attitude make this a ridiculous class.
An OK teacher that seems to care about his lectures, but it seems to be more about the way he displays himself rather actual care for students. Very unapproachable.
This was by far the worst course in the Dyson minor. Anyone interesting in learning about finance should avoid this class.
If you're shopping for finance classes to take for the business minor, I would not recommend this class. It's a lot of busy work and the professor is not very helpful or clear in lectures.
I cannot fathom why anyone would willingly subject themselves to this course willingly.
This class is awful. Avoid!
Unfair grading, exam, and lecture policies make this course extremely inconvenient. Lectures in a disorganized and unprepared fashion, worrying more about who he can get in trouble rather than the dissemination of knowledge. I probably learned more about course logistics from this class than I did finance. I would not recommend him or his class.
