good
very good
good class teacher
He is the best!
Didn't even buy the book. Didn't show up to class and passed with a B. Gives study guides that are essentially the test. Take this class lol! 4 Exams
Highly recommend this teacher to anyone who needs an easy A. Power points are all online, and the tests are extremely easy if you actually study. Lectures can be boring, but he tries to make it as interesting as possible. Curves test grades. No homework, like at all. Don't bother buying the textbook, it's still sitting in my room unopened.
The man is a legend, everyone should take him! You will learn more about life from taking one class of his than you would in an entire lifetime. He teaches beyond the course. Probably the hottest professor on campus too.
He's adorable. Only 4 tests the whole term, didn't even need the textbook because he reviews what is on the test the week prior. If I paid attention more, it would have been a legit easy A. BEWARE THE MONKEYS THOUGH!!
Boring class but he tries to make it enjoyable. I went to the first couple classes, then realized you can just go to the reviews before the test and do fine. Tests aren't too hard would recommend if you don't want to go to class and need a science credit.
Overall a decent professor. You don't have to go to class each session, just make sure to take notes on the powerpoints he uploads for each exam, go to the class before each exam for example questions (I found those helpful). You probably won't need the textbook so don't bother, I didn't use one and got an A, just studied his powerpoints.
This is probably the easiest class I've ever taken. Textbook isn't used and attendance wasn't necessary either. Literally just read through the slides, take notes, and do the practice tests and you'll get an A. The tests are REALLY similar to the practice tests so make sure you memorize that. He also curves grades at the end of the semester.
Dr. Long has 4 exams throughout the year, all weighted equally with a slight curve. The course started off with pretty easy concepts that carried over from high school biology. However, the last two exams required you to know certain dig sites and scientific names. All presentations are online and good info on Quizlet.
Buying book is a waste of $60, he picks and chooses material so much you're better off only looking at the slides he posts. You don't have to go to class, but he often tells you questions or details directly on the test that you won't find on the power points. You'll either love or roll your eyes at his jokes but he's an overall a really nice guy.
He reads off of the powerpoints in class, with test question give-aways and dry humor sprinkled in. Don't bother going to class, but DO bother to teach yourself the material and review for the tests beforehand. You'll be fine.
His lectures can be kind of boring sometimes but he's quite funny and nice. There are only four tests so you have to study well but he gives a huge curve. There are review days right before the test so make sure you go to those. Don't get the book. The only thing graded are the tests.
This class was super easy. His classes are all lectures based off his powerpoints. I barley went to class only on class day before the exam and still passed with an A. Super easy, study the "old test questions" even though they're not the same exact ones on the test they're VERY similar so you'll do good.
George Long is the man! His lectures can be a little repetitive and boring, but he is kind, funny, and just a sweet old man! If you study the power points that are posted online and actually try, you will do well!
I thought this class was going to be easy but IT'S NOT. If you're looking for an easy A anthropology class, do not take this one.  I studied for the tests really hard and still got C's, and tests are the only thing in the grade book. I would have honestly liked some homework just so I would be able to bring my grade up.
He is super nice but easily one of the most disorganized professors I've ever had. He posts PowerPoints online but the ones he uses in class are different, making it difficult to follow along. His grammar, punctuation, and organization of the PowerPoints and other documents is not very good and is also hard to understand. I do not recommend taking!
Long is really nice. He posts his powerpoints but will tell you things to watch out for during exams in class. I attended class about 60% of the time and did just fine. 4 exams (1 being the "final") that are split among 3-4 chapters each. He hosts a review day the class period before the exams. As long as you keep up with the slides you will do ok.
