I had Cristobek for BUSMGT 3230 and he was the reason I almost dropped out of OSU. I graduated and have had an incredible career in technology consulting and entrepreneurship. The limitations he put on students, the way he embarrassed people in class, it was like his students were soldiers who never signed up for the army. Very ineffective.
I've had Dr. Christobek for this and BUSMGT 3230.  He was probably great in "Industry" but he can't teach.  This class was extremely difficult and he is a VERY STRICT grader.  He told our class after one assignment that if we turned in this quality of work in the real world we'd be fired from our jobs.  Well that reflects his teaching abilities.
Professor Christobek is by far my favorite professor. Sure, he is tough and expects a lot from students, but if you follow the directions and rules, it's an easy A. You should be prepared to study and ask lots of questions to ensure you understand all the material, but if you do this, you will succeed.
This guy has an ego, and he is very easy to dislike.  Go to his classes because he will tell you what version of the project you are doing in class and nowhere else.  He and his teaching partner will fail you if you mess up any of the formatting or version guidelines for the projects.  Test aren't bad, but make sure you study. Textbook useless.
Mark is very nice, but not a good teacher. It is difficult to learn the material. Exams, especially the final, are very detailed and most of the questions were barely touched upon in class. He's not terrible, but I would try avoiding him as a professor if possible.
He is meant to be in the real world working in industry and not teaching.  With that said he tries his best and is a very nice and funny guy.  Class itself wasn't that difficult except the final was more difficult than anything else.  Takes forever returning grades but other than that I would take another class with him again.
Professor Christobek  always has time and willingness to help. He truly wants that the student understands the subject. His tools for study, such as power points, additional practice exercises and etc. , are extremely helpful. Grading period extremely short and grading criteria clear.I will strongly recommend this class.
Not sure where others were getting this rude vibe from because he was more than willing to work with students. His teaching style can be a bit dry, but he wasn't bad. I do agree about the typos though. The number of clarification emails sent as a result of typos can be a bit annoying.
Avoid him at all costs. Arrogant, rude, strict (on things that make zero impact to him or other students) and much more.  He is by far the worst professor I've ever had.  It's a shame that he teaches at this university.  I got a decent grade in the class (B+) and I still think he's terrible. Good luck.
Preaches professionalism while making tons of errors in everything he made. Preaches business environment and to treat the class like a job, yet he shows up in flip flops and yells at students standing 3 ft away in class.  Oh the hypocrisy
Mark Christobek was one of the worst professors I've had at Fisher. He clearly had a superiority complex and was rude during class. Also kept referencing what was done "in industry" but he bases it off of industry in the 1990's. Easy material, but be prepared to teach yourself and watch out for typos, he doesn't edit his assignments well.
What a jub. This guy can't explain anything. Class is relatively easy. He knows the information, but he is unorganized and doesn't really know how to convey the information to students. DON'T TAKE! worst teacher at Fisher
He's a power hungry son of a gun who has an irrational fear that everyone cheats. If you don't do assignmentsquizzes EXACTLY how he wants it you get a zero. He's a nice guy outside of class, but I wouldn't recommend him as a professor.
I am disgusted that this guy represents Ohio State. He is rude and has a complete disrespect for students. By far the most unapproachable professor I've ever had. He has some major power issues, and likes to control all of the students actions in the classroom. This guy makes me question the quality of the Fisher staff. He needs to be fired.
By far the worst professor I've had so far at OSU, there is no guidance as to what will be on the weekly quizzes and he acts as though everyone in the room is beneath him. If you have any choice DO NOT take him for this class.
Klinker teaches lecture and Christobek does recitation but has no idea what was went over in lecture. Quizzes are pretty tough but manageable. Group projects are time consuming and really hurt my grade. Hopefully they change the format
He is on a huge power trip.  He has no respect for students and runs class like it's high school. His rules? No hats, no sunglasses, no electronics, don't sit in the back row or the end seats, don't look down, don't look at the ceiling, etc. Although he looks at the ceiling the ENTIRE class. Also... WHAT EXCEL BASED CLASS DOESN'T ALLOW ELECTRONICS?
Probably one of the most boring recitations ever taken. He too teaches with his eyes shut. He's slow and boring and if it wasnt for Klinker and his lectures, this class  would have been a nightmare.
Follow the class rules and you won't have any problems. The course is fast-paced but the material is not difficult to study and can even be interesting. He is willing to help you prepare for quizzes and with case assignments
Class with Mark isn't too bad, stay on top of the online quizzes and do the homework. If you have a question, speak up bc there is participation. Overall much better than I expected after reading other reviews. He gives a lot of good study tools for the tests.
