Not the best or the worst, just an average professor. He gets a little annoyed when you ask him questions during class, but otherwise his tests are not that bad and he provides samples beforehand so you get a strong idea of what you'll be tested on.
He is VERY RUDE. Entire semester he was rude to multiple students when it came time for teacher evaluations he wanted to act "nice" as if we forget how rude he was the entire semester. He's condescending &amp; very disrespectful. You're a teacher your job is to teach not be rude &amp; talk down to those who ask for clarification.
Horrible professor he is rude to students and talks down to everyone. He is not helpful what so ever &amp; is very condescending. Take another prof.
Horrible teacher, would not recommend to any living human being. I believe in Donald Trump more than i believe in this moron. Lectures arent worth a mcchicken. His references remind you of Kanyes drunk tweets.
Horrible Professor. Lectures are absolutely useless and bland like a sandwich with no sauce. Covers material over the course of 3 hours that takes 5 minutes. Do not take this professor. Babbles on about irrelevant examples and his encounters which don't apply to the class.
Best professor I've ever had!
He's you average college professor. As someone mentioned earlier, you can either like him or hate him. LONG power points (over 80 slides) FILLED with information. Attended every class but still couldn't figure out which info was important vs. which wasn't. Really boring subject, tries to make it fun by cracking a few jokes (not all are funny).
This class is very easy to pass. Attendance isnt required however, he does have quizzes that he "announces" but you need to be in class to hear that announcement. Exams and quizzes are easy and he makes the topic and course enjoyable for the 3 hour lecture.
I highly enjoyed his course. The slideshows are long but just take notes on the key points and it'll cover what you need to know. Exams have problems like the homework, do those and you'll be fine. He gives you the formulas so if you did the hw at all, you'll remember how it works. Great guy who cares about the students and has a sense of humor too
Singer is a fine professor, but I just found the OM course to be very dry and boring. Very definition-oriented. Read through the PPTs and practice problems in the textbook and you should do fine, but I'm just glad I'm not an OM major.
You will either love Harvey, or you will hate him. Theres no middle ground. I loved him, however. Very caring guy, and a very dry and sharp sense of humor. This class is straight forward, just make sure you attend EVERY class after the midterm as there are pop quizzes almost every class. Also, check blackboard every week as he hides announcements
Not a bad class but long lectures. Tests are off PP slides (a lot) and text book examples he does in class so it helps to be there, he also gives credit for attendance.
Terrible! Exams based on his PP which contains 200 slides and you have to read the textbook too. Slides poorly written. Talks to hear himself, gives little explanation on the exercises, poor lectures but exams are made hard and trick (with surprise questions). Quizzes are completed by himself in class, not by students so they get "free" credits.
Harvey's lectures are enjoyable to listen to, even if the content is boring. Gives little homework, one 10-questioner per chapter, and its all online that you gotta buy access to. Lenient grader, some trick questions in his exams but otherwise easy to get at least an A- on em.
He talks the whole class time, most of the time he's off topic. The lecture powerpoints have like 100 slides each so it's a lot of reading. Didn't need the textbook. Need to study for tests but he curves them pretty nicely. Says there are pop quizzes but announces them before hand.
DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! He is the worst! Every topic he discuss in class has over 80 power point slides, and he is expect you to also study the textbook on topic of his slides. His exams are so long and it's not enough time to finish to check them. everything is very confusing. it's not supposed to be a hard class but he make very difficulty
He's very rude to students. One time I went to him during his office hours, and he was very rude to me and made me feel very bad that I was asking for help. His teaching abilities aren't great, and he's also extremely boring.
He's good.
I do not understand how anyone can give him a bad review. He is a great professor, very passionate about what he does and wants everyone to pass. If you are respectful and show up to class on time each day like you are supposed to, there is no reason why you should fail. I did not study too hard for the 3 exams and I received A's and a B on them
I expected the worst from these reviews but I really liked him. Everything is pretty organized and you know what to study. Study off the PPT, do the homework, practice the problems a few times and you can get an A. I recommend showing up 'cause he explains the problems and may give pop quizzes where only the people in attendance can get an A.
