Kaplan is a great professor that makes difficult economic concepts very understandable. He doesn't use any sort of powerpoint, so it's crucial you go to every class, but his classes are really enjoyable so it's not too bad! Kaplan's class is fairly easy if you pay attention and put in the effort!
Kaplan is a good lecturer and he knows what he is talking about. Don't even think about skipping class because he writes everything on the board and doesn't post anything on D2L. Exams are kinda hard, but if you pay attention in class and really review your notes, its doable.
He is the worst teacher I have taken at CU. We are in the 21st century and he is not that old he should know how to make a basic powerpoint but he just puts no effort in his class. He doesn't present material well and his homework questions and test questions are very ambiguous and poorly written. He also puts nothing on D2L.
I would say Kaplan is an okay teacher. He knows what he is talking about but that doesn't mean he knows how to explain it well. Test material is tricky and you need to take notes on exactly what he says if not then good luck doing well on exams. Some material on tests weren't covered at all in class.
Kaplan is a really good lecturer and does a phenomenal job of relating course materials to the real world. He makes our learning seem applicable and valuable. He does not curve tests but, does allow you to complete homework assignments for extra credit. He does not post anything really ever and I recommend going to class to understand materials.
Super nice guy who really knows what he is talking about. He doesn't use powerpoints though and writes everything on the board so you have to go to class. He uses a lot of real world examples that make the content stand out. He uses his TA to give extra credit and quizzes.
Great teacher
I loved Kaplan! His lectures were interesting and there is limited to no homework. His tests are fairly hard but he only tests on what he teaches in class so if you go to class you'll be fine.
Dr. Kaplan is a great econ professor. However, you need to pay attention in lectures and take notes to do well. He drops one test and replaces it with your recitation grade, and homework is extra credit. That being said, the material can be difficult but the way he grades makes it easy to get a good grade. Take him!
I love Kaplan! He's a very relaxed professor with a great dedication to economics and his students.  Optional homework for extra credit, seems genuinely interested in helping, tests are not as hard as everyone says. His TAs are hot Don't even think about leaving early. He will call you out and embarass you. No yawning. No makeups for any reasons.
Jay is the man! You can tell he loves to teach this class (Money and Banking) and his lectures are awesome. I learned so much in this class that will be useful just in everyday life. I love how he wrote his own textbook and made it so affordable. He's always funny and engaging too, and it's a pleasure to come to class.
Microeconomics is definately a hard topic to grasp for the majority of people and this professor takes the time to make sure everyone is following up with the concepts. You will only be graded by what he covers in class, exams are not that hard. Jules is very funny and smart guy, I would definately recommend taking this class with him.
his test is very hard!!!!!
Jay was a great teacher when it came to being sociable and making his students laugh and feel involved in lecture. However, his teaching style made it difficult to get all the notes down and it seemed that over 1/2 of the material covered in class was not tested on. Very hard tests, only 3 per semester.
Great teacher, super hard tests.
I have mixed feelings about professor Kaplan. I learned a lot in his class, and I enjoyed his lectures. He incorporated current events to make the material relevant to society. However, his tests were difficult, so I relied on recitation and extra credit to save my grade even though I never skipped his class. Overall, difficult, but interesting.
Prof. Kaplan was an awesome professor! He helped made some difficult concepts/topics clear and concise. His lecture was usually a little over half way full and if you don't go to his class, you'll have a harder time passing as his tests are based solely off of what you learn in lecture. If you take him and show up for class, you'll do fine!
The exams are based on lecture, which he said repeatedly. Also, he assigned homeworks that were optional extra credit  worth two points each, dropped one midterm for recitation if its a higher grade and had great lectures using real-world examples. My friend and I both made great grades. Whiners probably skipped class b/c he doesn't take attendance
This was an Intro to macroeconomics class, but he taught us everything from his 4000 level banking class. He only curves kids 60%-78% to C's only to save himself so his "average" grade is a C. If you get a 78% he won't curve it to a B-. Worst teacher i have EVER had. Take any other teacher and I guarantee you , you will make the right decision.
Upper division teacher that shouldn't be teaching an intro class. He uses terms and words no one understands. He doesn't use a textbook or powerpoint or anything so if you skip class you're screwed. His tests are also hard. He does give extra credit so do every extra credit.
