Marcelo has definitely been my favorite teacher while at Stanford - he is very engaging (even at 9 am) and is extremely clear. He explains concepts very well - after all I was a freshman with no experience in Economics and still did well in his class (and enjoyed it) even though there were plenty of people who had taken AP before this class!
Great class, must take. Amazing professor and the nicest guy
My biggest issues with him is he is not very clear and doesn't get to the point. Also his droning voice makes me want to leave. Felt more like him talking aimlessly w/ the class just sitting there and self-studying for tests.
Material was interesting, but his accent was annoying. Teaching style wasn't very clear, and he is pretty arrogant. Not a difficult class if you study. I would recommend a different professor.
He's the sweetest man in the world.
I love Marcelo. He was an awesome teacher.
Awesome prof.
Very good lecturer, especially for freshman. Easy to talk to and was very concerned about students learning material. Both prof. and class recommended.
Very good lecturer for the basic econ class I took. Some times took a lot of questions which made the class go slow.
He explains everything clearly and is really friendly
Very nice guy and pretty good lecturer.
He's a very nice and helpful man, but often is not as clear as I think he could be
No Comments
Incredible!  Always willing to help you out.  Oh, and he'll remember your name.
I took him back in 2000, he was cool cat taught iternational and money and banking well.  I got a job trading on wall st. and his stuff actually helped. Brooklyn Stand up!
Awesome teaching!. Makes material really clear.
Mildly entertaining... loves PowerPoint. Does a good job of bringing current events to lecture, but the lectures themselves go by sooo slowly.
Great teachning!
He wasn't a very good teacher, although he is a nice person. His accent got on my nerves.
Completely loved his Econ 1 course. It was packed from beginning to end. Highly recommended!
