This was the worst class I ever took. He even warned everybody to drop the class because nobody was really going to pass. I stayed in it and I am still regretting that decision because I failed. No lectures, thinks he knows it all, and will have no compassion. Please avoid to take him this is not the teacher you want!
Quiz every class, don't miss. Read the entire chapter every single night otherwise, you will fail. He would NEVER tell us what was on the quizzes! Be a quick note taker, and don't take photos or video of the lectures, he doesn't care how much it helps you study. He's rude and contradicting. Fair warning, DO NOT TAKE HIM!
Dr. Dwyer is not only good looking in that wise college professor type of way, but he's a great teacher.  He's tough, but fair.  Don't skip class, and don't stereotype the guy.  You'll learn a lot from him if you give him a chance.  Every teacher has class rules, his are just more strict.  Do as he says and your life will be easier, trust me.
Classes were ok but, his was the only answer.  He was a know- it- all., seemed senile.  Told us to sit in front or lose lots of points. This is no joke with him. Grading was malicious and the book must be read and reread to pass,. His lectures are required but, don't mean much.  He is past retirement age. Do not expect extra help from him .
I absolutely loved this class!!! He made the material so easy to understand. Would definitely take this class again.
You will have three tests in this course that make up your final grade. Although he does give you the chance to complete extra credit, if you do not do well on one of your tests it won't help you. If you need this class as a pre req, find another professor. You will learn more and overall have a better experience in the course.
Dr. Dwyer is one of the toughest professors I have ever taken at the U of M. He very much so believes he knows what is best for everyone and will speak his mind whenever he wants to. I won't take him for anymore PSYC classes because of his know-it-all attitude and lack of compassion for students.
I just finished taking his class, he is an awesome teacher, although he is very blunt. He is the true definition of Real!! if you don't come, you wont fail you'll just have to read the book. The people on here that say he's hard are the ones who sit in the back, don't care and are re-takers. Take him, sit in the front, you'll love it!
Dr. Dwyer is definitely a tough teacher. If you put in the effort, it's not impossible to get an A. Sit in the front because you wont get distracted by surroundings. Do the SONA extra credit because that can make the difference between an A and B. He will sometimes give random extra credit for showing up after a test. His lectures are interesting.
I loved Dr. Dwyer's class. He challenged us all to think critically and to think about the theory involved in Statistics. If you want to actually learn Statistics take Dr. Dwyer! If not.......
Dwyer's cool. Don't take him if you're easily offended &amp; won't go to class. He tells you to sit in the front or you won't pass. I sat in the back &amp; have an A. Just take good notes, listen to his lectures, read the book, and you'll be fine. Do the sona extra credit too.
If you want a good grade for this class you have to go to class, take notes, read the book, take advantage of the sona extra credit. He sometimes give extra credit after the test day. Always study ahead and try to sit close to him and not in the back.
Dr. Dwyer is a tough professor. Don't take this class if you're just trying to meet a gen ed requirement. Also don't take him if you get offended easily. He is actually really funny and a great professor. Very strict on food, drinks, sleeping in class, or having headphones in. If you actually follow rules and study, you'll be just fine.
The way Dr. Dwyer teaches this class makes it very hard.  Most of the concepts are easy to grasp.  However, his lectures barley corresponded with his tests.  I attended class every day but one.  I had a 4.0 before this class and got a C on every test.  I ended up getting a B.
Start off by saying, if you can avoid taking Dwyer for anything, you should. 3 tests, 50 points each. I entered college with a 4.2 GPA and have all As or A+s in every other class but this one. His tests are near impossible to pass (I view passing as a B or better) and his lectures are irrelevant to PSYC. His opinion is the only opinion that counts
Dwyer knows what he's talking about. I once called him the Donald Trump of U of M, because of his very...."honest" way about things. (aka how he said "f your opinion! i know what's up"). He doesn't hold back, even if people will get offended.  But he's not preaching propaganda. He knows what he's talking about, and his lectures are very useful.
Dwyer is excellent. He's straightforward, he knows his stuff and he gives every opportunity and encourages for his students to learn and succeed. Some people don't like the fact that he isn't shy with his opinions about certain topics but he relates it to the class material. He isn't arrogant, he just won't take any BS. He encourages questions.
i dont like him at all
Dwyer is one of my favorite professors! He said the first day that if you sat in the back you would  fail, so I moved to the front and took good notes. His lectures have alot of information that you will need on the test, but breaks it up with some humor. He doesn't take any mess, he tells you what he expects the first day. I'd take him again.
Dr. Dwyer is a man full of knowledge. He will tell you right off the bat that half of the class will fail, and they will. If you sit at the front of the class, attend EVERY class, read the book, and study, you will pass. He is an awesome man, and I would take his class again!
