I really enjoyed Mearsheimer's War and the Nation State course. Possibly one of the best I have taken in the Political Science department at the University of Chicago. I highly recommend it if you are interested in studying International Relations. Be prepared to do a lot of reading though.
His idea is inspiring, you can learn a lot.  Huge amount of readings, need a bookshelf if you can't find E-copies.  Tough grader. Treat his students good, still with some arrogance.  Recommanded only for students who like challenges, willing to sacrifice GPA, and not target at Ph.D degree.
Lectures were rambling and a bit boring. In his graduate discussion section, he made an antisemitic comment.
Mearsheimer is egotistical and hates to be challenged. I took his course on Nationalism and Globalization, and it quickly became apparent that he hadn't read any recent work on nationalism and globalization (recent being w/n the last decade). He was not an effective teacher or lecturer either.
Very interesting and knowledgeable lecturer. Unafraid to offend people and state his opinion.
He has his opinions pretty well set. I suggest incorporating his opinions into your final paper if you want any chance at a good grade.
Brilliant. Charismatic. Terrifying.
His ego is bigger than anything else and he prides himself on being a real jerk.  Plus he is a misogynist and has very offensive views on the subject.
No Comments
Sometimes confuses teaching and debate with an opportunity to criticize people and talk about how wonderful he is.  At other times, his classes can be engaging.
runs the class like a tyrannt
While I did well in his class, I wouldn't recommend it for the light-hearted.  He seems to take genuine pleasure in tearing down other people's ideas.
when i took his class the cold war had just ended and i found all of his views on the end of the cold war as extremely offensive.  his attitudes towards women that may have noted were dead on
fine prof. Has a strong viewpoint but open to serious debate. Fair.
a lot of reading, like his class is the only one we're taking
Great class, great prof. But he's a jerk. Yes, he is condescending to women, but I did well in his class.  I took his class 10 years ago - I'm still inspired by his lecture, still bitter about his attitude towards me and the women in the class. However, I highly recommend his courses.
lots of reading, but you learn a lot!
Mearsheimer is a rather well-known offensive realist who you ought to take at least one class from during your time at Chicago. He's a pretty interesting lecturer, but there is always a lot of reading + a tough exam.  Take everything with a grain of salt.
I disagreed with him alot, but respect him.  Very intelligent and a genuine nice guy.
Clever professor, excellent lecturer.  Don't miss his class
