worst teacher ever
dont take tis class
Laduca is the man. You wont regret taking him!
Laduca is a VERY funny prof and loves to make jokes during his lectures. Sometimes he can get carried away and it can be distracting from the material. But overall I love his class and he has made CEM 142 very fun! Class isn't too bad, if you study and pay attention in class a 4.0 is achievable! I would definitely take one of his classes again.
This prof ruined my love for chemistry and my GPA. I did everything I was supposed to do- I did ALL the reading and then some, went to office hours frequently, and took so many notes during lecture, and still didn't get above a C on a single exam.
Lectures move very quickly, be prepared to see something once and then be expected to know it for the exam. Dr. LaDuca is incredible knowledgeable, but I felt that he sometimes forgot concepts were not always as clear to the class as they maybe were in his mind. Likes to make a lot of jokes, you will see many chemistry memes in lecture.
Don't mess around on mastering chem because that is weighted the same as your tests because it is a point based system, Laduca's tests are harder than the other teachers but he is a better teacher and he makes class interesting.
Professor is great but the actual class is complete cancer.
I loved taking Chem with LaDuca. His enthusiasm truly makes the complex subject more enjoyable to explore. He's a pretty funny guy and incorporates memes into his lectures. I love how willing he is to have students engage - he frequently asks iClicker questions to test your absorbed knowledge and thoroughly explains answers. He's willing to help!
LaDuca prepares freshman for their futures in whatever field they choose to go into. He expects a lot, but if you focus in class and go to office hours, he is really down to earth and explains things well. Make sure you really understand concepts very well. I didn't do great on his tests b/c he designs them to be tough, but they are not impossible.
I love Dr. Laduca. I cannot stress enough how much I hated Chemistry before I took his class and while i'm in his class now, he has made it so fun and interesting and easy to understand. He is such a smart guy and really cares for his students. 10/10 recommend .
Dr. LaDuca is the best prof I have had at MSU. He is super knowledgeable about chemistry, and he's also absolutely hilarious. He knows how to interest you in chemistry. The class is very difficult, so if you do the online homework and go to lecture and recitation regularly, you'll be fine. I would definitely take another class with Dr. LaDuca!
Laduca is a good professor IF you can learn the way he teaches. His teaching style didn't work well for me and I really struggled to understand the material. I went to office hours once and he was absolutely no help what so ever, so I didn't go back. LA's are your best bet if you don't learn from his teaching.
Dr. Laduca is an amazing professor to have for chem in LB. He's hilarious and has made me love coming to class. Time in class flies by because he keeps students interested. Plus, he's very knowledgeable about Chemistry and helps you learn a lot.
The meme king was truly phenomenal. He's incredibly intelligent; he makes his lectures engaging and interesting, as well as adding in hilarious memes and "Fail Fridays." This class is difficult, so if you attend class and work hard, you'll definitely pass.
He is hands down the best prof I've had so far at MSU. In general, LB 172 is a hard class but he is definitely the best prof to teach it.
LaDuca is such a great prof; hes a genius when it comes to chem but he really knows how to bring it down to a level where students can understand. He's hilarious and loves to meme EVERYTHING. It's a tough course but it's college. Take the course with him if you can or regret missing his daily jokes and friday fails!
He was fantastic, inspirational. Made me enjoy chemistry, rather thand read it. No, you can't scoot by just by showing up, you do have to work. But he helps every step of the way!
Dr. LaDuca is totally relatable. He is by far my favorite professor at MSU, even though I've only been here for a semester.
LaDuca is amazing! I got a 3.5 in the class and I owe a lot of that to him. He understands the material well, but teaches it even better! You won't be disappointed with him! I promise! He truly cares--wants to help you and is by far one of the funniest men I've met. For sure my favorite professor at Michigan State yet.
