Prof Enck is 80 years old. He is very stuck in his ways and teaches based on that. Tests are tricky and confusing, but he does offer a part two that allows you to earn half the points you missed back. I only missed a couple classes and took notes but still made Ds or Fs on the test. DO NOT TAKE PROF ENCK.
Professor Enck is the best! He lectures the entire class which can be boring but if you listen and take notes it is so easy. Everything he puts on the board will be on the test so just study that. He also gives a part 2 of the exam which allows you to get points added back! He is very nice and understanding. Wish i could take more classes by him!
You don't have to take notes since he puts everything on eCourseware, and if you study all of it, the exams are not hard. He lectures every class, which can be boring at times. There are 3 lab assignments, 3 exams (one is the final), and an online quiz over every chapter. Each exam has 2 parts; part 2 gives you a chance to have points added back.
Professor Enck is a cool guy and has lots of good stories to tell, but his overall class is not good at all. He spends the entire class lecturing and going on and on about stuff that he expects us to know already. Tests are hard and had nothing to do with the actual class work and lectures. Overall a really hard class that shouldn't be hard.
Doctor Enck is a great guy, but if your looking for an easy A this is not the class to take. He expects everyone to be a sociologist and its literally an intro to sociology 1010 class. We literally had to do math formulas on the last lab and calculate values of coefficients. He lectured alot and his test were hard. I had a 3.7 GPA before this class
Very long lectures that pertain to his life more than sociology. Tests are so hard, they make no sense.
Professor Enck really cares about his students and only wants to see everyone pass. All the quizzes are online &amp; he puts all the assignments you'll need to know on eCourseware. This is just like any college class so you will have to put effort in to get the grade you want. The text book was free &amp; online. He lets the class out early half the time.
Dr. Enck's class wasn't easy but it also wasn't hard. He wants you to actually understand what he is teaching. His lectures can get boring, but the questions on his tests are phrased exactly how he talks during lecture. The tests are based mostly on these diagrams he gives out. He's extremely kind and always willing to help if you need it.
very good professor. he's really funny and makes jokes every class. The quizzes were all easy and online. The test were a different story, half would be easy and the other half was foreign unless you reaf the textbook word for word.  He was also very easy to get in contact with if you were to have any problems.
He is tough, but if you go to him during office hours and ask for help, HE WILL give it to you.
His class is very hard. Tests were even harder, if you take him good luck.
Made a b - as a freshman, he is sweet and tries his best to be there for his students.
Dr. Graves Enck is a really sweet man and is more than happy to answer any questions you have for him. Going to the classes only benefit you if you go to the class right before a lab assignment. He only gives three tests and they are HARD unless you studied schematics thoroughly.
I enjoyed listening to the lectures, BUT the tests were not over anything we covered in class or in the book. It seemed like he pulled the phrasing for questions out of nowhere, but he did give us a makeup exam after each test for half credit back. He does take attendance and the book can be found online with the access code. My class average: 60
Hands down the smartest professor I have ever had. His class completely changed my world. Do not take this class for an easy A, you will not find it here. If you treat college like it is high school, this class is not for you. That being said, Enck is an amazing person who wants you to succeed but expects you to "take charge of your own learning".
Despite all complaints, I loved his class-as in I actually loved going to classes. He's a very smart man, and the lectures were always interesting. The main problem was that the lectures were rarely on the texts, but the exams were, and that could get confusing. The tests were also difficult, but that's probably due to they were hard to study for.
I never would have passed Graduate Statistics without the guidance and help of this entertaining and brilliant professor. I highly recommend taking his classes. And, get to know him. He is very friendly and approachable. You will be glad you did.
Enck is a funny old man, great sense of humor, always in a good mood! BUT, he never talks about the reading he assigns in class. Makes his test impossible to pass. My class average for the midterm exam was a 43! Terrible!
He's a nice man and he really tries to be helpful. his lectures are confusing. we never discussed what we read in the book. I came to every class and took notes and I didnt pass a test. Take my advice and do not take this class.
Lovely, old man. He's very understnading. His personality is how all professors should be. BUT, class is hard and boring. The way he teaches is very confusing. He is smart and knows what he teaches about but still confusing to us. Many people dropped, BUT he's very very helpful. ONLY take him if your major is Sociology.
