Completely unorganized for his online course. Everything on the syllabus had the wrong dates and wrong location for tests/quizzes. Things would be listed as ecourseware but would be in mybusinesscourse or elsewhere. Group exam, so good luck getting people to do this on an online course so you will probably end up doing it yourself.
Honestly one of the worst college classes I have ever taken. Grades cases ridiculously hard with mediocre and picky reasons to why he gives you 70s on each case. Doesn't give full credit on anything, even evaluations. If you don't give the answer he wants or you don't laugh at his sometimes mean jokes, youR grades will reflect it. GOOD LUCK
Great Professor, does not give any curves or weighted grades so it is pretty easy to keep up with everything. He does give some chances for a few points of extra credit, but not enough to change your grade very much. Very helpful, emails class notes to everybody after lectures
Professor Lukawitz is a very good teacher. There is no textbook, only lectures/powerpoints and the option to take the final if you didn't like your mid-term grade. That said, you are completely doomed if you get some bad apples in your group, as your grade will be affected based on their performance as well. Take the class with a smart friend.
Exams can be difficult(done in groups), if you didn't do the homework, or read your emails. He sent many examples to follow in emails to complete the exams. If you make anything less than a B in the class it's because you didn't try. You got to drop the final exam if you did well on the first 2 exams. I like how the class was structured.
STEER CLEAR. Only take this class as your last option. HW takes over 4 hours to complete and is HARD. The first deadline was not until the end of October. Exams are impossible. He offers little to no feedback and does not seem to care. I've made straight As and Bs the past 4 years but not this semester thanks to the C I'm getting in this class.
Class is all lecturestudent presentation. Do all critiques and write-ups to max scores - why give away points? Be prepared to put time IN on group presentations - students can be tougher graders than prof. No textbook. Choice of mid term or final - essay format, can be done as group. Expects good work &amp; rewards it. Good class. Would take again.
Good instructor - had him in person and online. Responds to questions promptly. Good videos to explain material. Exams are not just multiple choice from database - each has separate problem set to test concepts and he does allow groups to work together on them. Do the discussions posts - good way to earn extra points. One of the best at UM.
This class is not hard, but it requires a lot of work. Expect to do case studies the whole semester and group projects. No book required, and he is a super enthusiastic professor. I enjoyed his teaching just not the case studies!
Try to get a good group. 2 presentations and 10 mini-projects.
Class is all about group presentations, but in a good way. He brings a depth to accounting not expected from the class. He is always ready to help. Once I stopped him in hall and he acted like I was the only thing on his mind as he helped me understand something. Later I found out I made him late to an appointment and he never complained.
If you attend class on lecture days, he will give you everything you need to complete the cases. Also, when you pick a group, pick it early! The first few groups have the easier cases to present. We didn't use a book.
Great lecturer. Makes accounting come alive. Very helpful. Always in a good mood and eager to help. This is the most positive accounting professor I've come across. Makes me proud to study accounting.
good teacher
Great Professor! Talks kind of fast so you have to keep up. Very funny and uses examples to help you get a better understanding of the material.
I've had Lukawitz for four classes, including my advanced accounting class this semester, and he is BY FAR my favorite accounting teacher! Of course he isn't easy, but he wants you to actually learn the material. You can email him any time and he'll answer or go by his office. He really helps his students. Wonderful teacher.
This class is really hard. I took it online so I basically had to teach my self. There's online homework in connect, a quiz and a project. And 3 exams. The material is hard BUT HIS GRADING SCALE MAKES IT EASY TO PASS! I didn't get above a 70 on any of my exams but I did well on everything else and I got a B in the course
Do not take him for this course ONLY!!! Has not taught intermediate in over 20 years, tends to ramble and get off track, and most importantly this is a lot of material to learn in 5 weeks. Would not advise to take this course in summer school at all!!!!
The case style of the class is very engaging. Don't be a bump on a log, discuss things with him, and get to know him - it will help. Coming to class outside of case days is pointless and I NEVER used the reference book. The course is a good change of pace from other upper lvl acct classes. If you want to talk to him go see him, doesn't answer email
I was upset at first cause I signed for Spiceland, but our professor got changed to this guy.He was very boring and made the same lame jokes, however he did give a curve on your final grade.I calculated my final grade and I made a 84, but my final grade was an A, so we are talking about a 6-8 point curve on your final grade.Just do all the e-z work
