Thomas Rustici is the second worst Professor I have taken at George Mason University. He does not lecture in a way that provides comprehensive notes. He also participates in unethical, unprofessional racketeering tactics by forcing you to purchase his books, and you CANNOT pass his course without them. He is an intelligent, funny guy, bad prof.
I hated his class while I was taking it, but I came to appreciate it after I was done. His class toughens you up, especially if you're a freshman. Yeah it's hard and you'll probably fail an exam or two before you learn how to pass his class, but Rustici is one of those profs that you just have to experience at least once while in college.
Prof. Rustici is hands down the best professor I've ever had. I had no idea how interested in economics I was until I took this class. BEWARE: If you hate/can't understand basic economics, this class will be a nightmare with this professor. However, if you're okay with econ, prepare to be given the equivalent of Ted Talks each and every lecture.
I started this class quite frightened by all the reviews people gave him. But, he ended up being one of the best professors I had last semester. I leanred so much in such a short time, but that came with putting in a lot of effort into studying for his class and some failure along the way. I would recommend that all students take his class once.
-Rustici knows what he's talking about, but sometimes it can be a pain to follow along. -His lectures are entertaining and filled with information. -He doesn't coddle you and let's you decide what you will get out of the course. -Definitely did not feel like a 100-level course. -Exams are the only graded material: go to class and study!
Nightmare exams that are worth all of your grade. If you have the option to take a different professor do it, but if you get stuck with Rustici, be prepared to take notes. The textbook(s) are not needed except the one that he wrote because those have test question answers in them. Use koofers for help with exams.
Attending Rustici's class is like attending a TED Talk almost every time. It's too bad it's overshadowed by the nightmare that are his tests. Study hard and try to practice previous exams you get back. His tests are really unique but if you get them you will do well.
Took econ 103. He often spends the majority of the class talking about barely related experiences and jokes. Very hard tests, study the equivalent of the time in class to get a decent grade. Avoid this teacher to avoid an extremely difficult semester. Retaking next semester.
Almost everything on the tests are going to be from his lectures. Gives some extra credit out on tests. Four tests whole year: Test 1,2,3, and Final. Tests have tricky wording. Almost everybody fails. This is a weed out class for the School of Business!
Although I am not a fan of the way he structures the class, he is one of the best lecturers I've ever come across, immensely motivational. If you are willing to stay on your toes and try to understand why the correct answer is the right one, you will not have a problem.
4 exams; the exam answers are literally from the lectures. He is hilarious, I am prior enlisted in the military and when he cursed or told us stories I cracked up. Very helpful- SAVE all exams &amp; have a question ready. Lots of extra credit- do all of them. I started with a 62 15%, 51 20%, 76 25% final is 40% of the grade but I got a C overall
His lectures are amazing, but his exams are cumulative and tough. Exams 1-3 are 20% and the final is 40%. I did well on the written portion (short essay questions w/ some graphs and explanation + extra credit), but I failed the multiple choice portion. I know its a lot but its worth doing the readings and getting lecture notes. Record the lectures!
Make sure to take detailed notes and I recommend recording the lecture and taking notes off of the recordings, not in class, because this will help you pay attention to the actual lecture since youre gonna listen to it twice. Study previous exams, dont just memorize them or youre screwed. Avoid him if possible bc its not worth the stress.
The lectures are good. The tests in my opinion do not reflect material covered in the lecture. Not just multiple choice questions and the grading is done by teacher's assistant.
I took Rustici for Micro and Macro, and got a relatively high grade in Micro but Macro was close to impossible. This man goes through material SO fast and didn't bother explaining or writing anything in 104. Exams will ask about the most intimidate details barely gone over in class. Even if you study and enjoy Econ, do not take him for Macro.
Dr. Rustici's Econ classes are the most challenging, but they have been my favorite. Read the material, go to all the lectures, and visit office hours if you don't understand. Also, go over tests, each exam builds on the one before; if you don't fix the mistake, you'll keep making it. Also, do not miss an opportunity for extra credit on exams!!!!!!
Econ 103 with Rustici is a challenge. Some of the exams are challenging and the tests are only part of the grade. There are also a lot of textbooks to read. Make sure to study a lot. However, Rustici does give funny lectures and he is willing to help the challenging material at his office hours.
Great professor in my eyes, notoriously-hard exams but phenomenal lecturer and very respected in the economics field. You can slide without buying any of the four textbooks. If you're in the honors college go to the recitation - it REALLY helps. Study his previous exams if you want to pass (although I do not know how much longer this will work).
If you don't mind basing your entire grade for the class on four exams then go ahead and take him.
This class is way too difficult for a 100 level course. I find it troubling that he makes it so difficult, considering that most students in this class aren't econ majors. The only grades for the entire semester are the four exams he gives. Don't choose him for this class unless you want to regret your decision and hate your life.
