Paul was amazing. He was so helpful in and out of class. I learned so much in his class because we talked about EVERYTHING. I wish I could thank him for everything he did for me.
Professor Grobstein was an incredibly engaging and downright lovely professor. I am very grateful to have had the opportunity to share stories with him. He will be greatly missed.  -Rebekah
This is not a traditional science class by any means, in fact, it's a great class for non sciencey people who need a science credit. But it is definitely Grobstein's element. Other people complain about his philosophizing but that is exactly what this class is about so it was perfect. Fun, interesting class.
Paul is an amazing professor. He was able to take very complex principles and fully explain them to the class. I left the class with more than I would have every hoped for. He teaches science with a philosophy twist, and although I started the class completely perplexed by the natural sciences, I now feel passion for them. Great experience!
he is great for none science majors who want to learn some science, but if you are a science major i would suggest you find a different professor.  he spends the whole class talking about his idea of science, but he doesn't actually teach it.  When he does, he dumbs it down to an insulting level.
No Comments
I don't know what people are talking about. Prof. Grobstein is one of the best professors I've ever had in my life. If you really want to learn something, take his class. He really makes you think critically about issues instead of taking them at face value. How many teachers make you do that?
He was WONDERFUL!  My favorite teacher thus far.
this guy can talk his butt off. half the time i think i'm philosophy class instead. hardly any use of any text.  all discussions which i guess is good for a liberal arts school to a point but he's out of hand.
Paul needs to teach the science before he can philosophize about the principles of science.  Frankly, you are wasting money by taking this class.
No Comments
No Comments
Awful.
No Comments
This Professor is awesome! He's so helpful and he's really interested in helping students learn. He encourages discussion inside and outside the classroom and he teahes you how to look at subjects from a new angle
