I feel that Professor Burkhauser gets unfairly criticized by people who feel that any introductory social sciences class should be a walk in the park. Yes, his final is very difficult, but doing well on it is extremely rewarding and cements your knowledge of the material covered over the 15 or so weeks prior. If you take his class, be prepared to think about all of the concepts he goes over and be wary of some trick questions, but also be prepared to learn more about economics than most other professors at Cornell could ever provide.
He is so boring that I slept in every class. But hey, his class is so easy u have to try to not get an A so what more can you ask for?
Final had new material he never discussed, and was not in the textbook. Good teacher, terrible grader.
Burkhauser is an amazing professor and really knows his economics! I loved his class so much! There were two prelims and a final. The prelims were pretty easy, and he gave a practice for each one that had basically the same information/questions as was on the actual prelim. The final was harder, but not impossible. I had an amazing semester!
He tends to go off on tangents during lectures and frequently loses his point. He also calls just about every concept "possibly the most important concept" that he will teach, which leads to confusion about what to expect on tests. He gives practice prelims which are very close to the current prelim though, so that helps.
Very good professor. Don't let the posts here scare you into not taking his class. He's a fair grader and genuinely looks out for his students.
Dr. Burkhauser speaks down to his students on a daily basis, telling them that they will fail their upcoming prelim even if 70%+ of the class got his clicker question wrong. He is unapproachable and unfriendly and his lectures are extremely unclear and do not prepare you for his incredibly difficult prelims. People walk out of his tests miserable
Lectures are very dry and boring. Also, his class was at 9:05am so that didn't help. He uses iClickers for attendance. His two prelims are reasonable as he gives a practice one before hand. His final is a lot harder and there is no practice one given. There are some really good and really bad TAs but attendance at the sections aren't required.
Honestly kind of funny and review sessions are so helpful. If you keep up with the reading and put in effort, you can get an A in this class
Unlimited attempts on problem sets (google  the answers),  prelims are very similar to past prelims and iClicker questions. The final was difficult. Literally 50% of the questions are in a totally different format than we were trained to answer.  His lectures are boring, says "uh" a lot, yells at his TAs during lecture,  mentions UChicago a lot
People are way too tough on Burkhauser. He's a really nice guy that cares a lot about the subject. Problem sets are super easy, and you can take them unlimited times online with no penalty. He personally hosts review sessions, and posts every lecture online. Burkhauser definitely sets up the students for success. Overall, very good professor.
His lectures consists of asking I-clicker questions then reviewing the results (and repeat). He doesn't teach anything useful and his class makes me dislike economics. I should have taken AP Econ in high school...
Terrible. Just Terrible.
I always knew he was gonna be an unhelpful and unclear teacher. But the first two exams were absurdly easy so I was fine with sacrificing quality for an easy grade. But the final tested us on things he never said or were in the textbook-some didn't even relate to economics. Avoid this teacher he'll really hurt your GPA and/or passion for econ
Professor Burkhauser is an interesting instructor. He does provide a politically conservative perspective when giving his lectures, but he also teaches the general theory fairly well. There are some days in which his explanations of key concepts are clear, and some days in which they are not. Overall, I thought that the class was a decent intro.
I rather dislike Prof Burkhauser. He wastes time doing practice problems instead of teaching new material. Some lectures waste time on court cases that aren't interesting and do not really get me to understand microeconomic theory. His teaching style is a little more preferable for people who are squeamish of math, but I wasn't a particular fan.
I'm not sure why so many people are giving bad reviews. I found his lectures interesting. Especially since he shows a relevant video clip during nearly every lecture. Makes some pretty funny comments, and some pretty slanted ones too
For students who need a professor who is helpful and caring, this is not the man for you. He is very passionate about Economics, but does a very poor at explaining any of the topics. I failed my first Prelim with him and then ended up getting a B+ in the class. I would not recommend him and I truly believe Burkhauser is not fit to teach this class.
Doesn't teach you anything. I received almost perfect scores on both prelims and got a B+ because the final was nothing from the lecture. If you knew econ, you were set but for some science majors that had econ for the first time, just kills your interest and gpa
His lectures are terrible, discussion sections are the most helpful but you'll end up learning a lot on your own.  10 problem sets that he lets you redo at the end, and both prelims are pretty much recycled from old exams
