Phenomenal professor; always included strange or beautiful chemistry on exams.
Hard, but helpful and definitely very smart! Really enjoyed his class, but I had work very hard!
Rawal is a great teacher! Hard but funny and really great lectures
Rawal is a great professor. He is difficult, but if you're willing to try hard and understand the material he will help you. He wrote 15 recommendations for me at once when I asked him. His bad ratings come from pre-meds and bio majors who fail to grasp the concepts, don't seek his help outside of class, and blame him for their ineptitude.
I had this professor last year for ochem and he was by far the best out of the three. His lectures were both clear and interesting since he supplemented the book material by giving us real life examples such as explaining the chemistry of febreeze (none of which was on midterms) exams were also reasonable. Overall, an intelligent, approachable guy
He's not easy, but if you get to know him and TRY, you will do fine.  ***He does not like fake people.  If you put on a show about how you want to be a doctor because you REALLY REALLY care about people, he won't be impressed.  If you acknowledge your faults and strengths (and work hard) he'll respect you and you'll get a very fair grade.
Get out while you still can.
Wonderful professor, the best chem teacher I've had so far. He was enthusiastic and clear. Homework and tests were challenging enough to be interesting, but not unreasonable.
I commented already but I'd like to add that Rawal has definitely improved since all those negative comments were made last year. He is friendly and helpful and tries to have a sense of humor... (You gotta do the assigned readings on time though...)
I liked Rawal, especially considering how afraid I was of the class due to all of the comments on here.  He was very clear and quite funny at times.  The tests were killers though...
Really clear lecturer, explains things well.... (I've heard people say his lectures are hard to follow, but any lecture would be hard to follow if you didn't do the assigned reading!)... I have attention problems but I have no issues following his lectures.
MOST DREADFUL prof at the Univ of Chicago! Often complained of how poorly we did. He definitely knows his stuff;  very nitpicky, condescending, &amp; his lectures don't correlate to exam material very well. No connection to students, adores his OH ST students
He and TA's were great for advanced o-chem lab. Quite a lot of work though.
I don't agree with his teaching approach, but overall he's a decent guy.  His problem is that he doesn't realize the reason students do poorly on his tests is not because they don't study hard enough but because his lectures are really hard to follow.
An abrasive idiot.  Obviously hates students, and teaching.  30% average on midterms is proof of his inability to connect with students.
Good but hard.
Meanest prof I've ever had. Most condescending person ever born.
Get off your high horse, Rawal.
Most unhelpful prof who recommends dropping the class if you are having trouble!
Rawal is a tough teacher and you'll not have a good time in his class.  He lectured my class for 40 minutes when the midterm was graded, commenting on how students at Ohio State are smarter.  Students don't need condescending remarks from profs!
