Do not take a class by him. Grades way too hard and is passive aggressive. I worked extremely hard and he gave me below average grades on everything I turned in.
Great guy and very intelligent, but horrible class. Would never recommend taking, his expectations are way too high for an intro level course and while this class was interesting... it was more stressful than anything else. If you are ready to work exceptionally hard it is possible to achieve an A, but be ready to WORK.
Dr. Paradis was one of my favorite professors I've had so far. He did a really great job keeping lectures interesting, and really made you think about the content he was teaching.
A terrible, horrible Professor. Very passive aggressive with students and a tough grader. Gave me a 55 on my first paper, did not put comments as to why, and then when i went to office hours to discuss, simply put the blame on his TA. Studied hard and make a 92 on his final, and the guy gave me a 79.9 in the course. Dont take this dudes class.
Has absurdly high expectations of students and piles on far too much work to keep up with. I have never received below a B on an essay and he gave me an F on my second essay after I followed the directions that he gave me off of my first essay. This class is way too difficult for what it is.
Really interesting lectures and is good at keeping you engaged in the material. Although he is a pretty tough grader. The class is basically just papers so if you're not a good test taker and like to write, he's probably a good fit for you.
Fair grader or papers. If you write clearly and actually read the book he gives pretty decent feedback. Easy class to get an A in if you do the work.
A great lecturer, but really prides himself on not giving out A's. Gives great feedback on your papers, but is impossible to improve. Frustrating when other friends are in a different HIST 3020 and are getting A's.... Smart man though.
As a senior this is the worst class I have taken at CU. Unreasonable grading, unreasonable grading. And an unfriendly unhelpful professor. DO NOT TAKE.
Great professor that really cares about the material. He makes the class laugh and portrays the information well. He is sometimes cocky and seems short with his students, but show up and study  a few hours you'll be fine. But does seem a lot for an entry level course. He should be teaching more upper level courses.
He seems like a nice person, and is interesting to listen to, but has some definite flaws. It was very hard to tell what was important information to copy down, making the quizzes harder than they should have been. He was also a very hard grader on essays, and often on criteria that hadn't been put forward.
Harsh grader. I got A's on both of my papers but people around me were receiving C's and D's for work that honestly should have earned at least a B in a 1000 level course. Online discussions were ridiculous and I never earned higher than an 80 despite fulfilling the criteria of what was expected in our submissions. Others liked him, to be fair.
Grades really tough especially with essays and tests. That being said the quizzes are relatively easy. The most important thing is to at least read spark notes and always remember to bring your clicker to class. He has usually 3 clicker questions per day that tanked my grade hard.
Very very tough grader and lectures are pretty confusing as to what is important and what to write down. He is a very nice guy and a very entertaining professor, but that wont help your grade any.
First off his papers are graded like this is a upper division history class. He often says, "I will grade like an intro history class." Then when you get feedback on papers he picks apart the smallest formatting details. Then in his lectures he doesn't use visuals well at all. Get ready to go to class and listen to him ramble for the full 50.
He grades very hard. I am a Biochem major and this class was my lowest grade. The final is pretty BS he gives you two essay topics and a list of terms, which sounds easy enough to prepare for. So, before class I did the whole test in my notebook, using the course books, then went to class and copied my very in depth answers and got a C-.
He's the person I aspire to be.
This is not the class you seek. Avoid this guy at all cost. This man is a very old school/subjective grader.
DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS! Spent Couple hours on one paper and received a 65 with NO COMMENTS! Then, bs'd my final paper that was due, absolutely read ZERO from the book and received a B+. quizzes are absolutely stupid ridiculous for an intro course!! Look at the other reviews if your not a firm believer yet that this class blowsssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For a 1000-level history course, it was very hard. You really have to pay attention in lecture and work hard on the reading quizzesessays. I feel like I put in enough time and effort for an A, but I ended up with a B. He let's you know up front that he isn't an easy grader and he means it. He gives really good feedback though.
