Guys, just dont take a class from Professor Ellis. I took Econ 300 with him and he literally MISSED half of our lectures (just wasn't around), cancelled our midterm, gave out TWO homework sets, and overall just ghosted our class. If you are hoping to go far in Econ, avoid at all costs!
Worst prof Ive ever had. Doesnt care whether students actually learn. Always unprepared and doesnt remember what he has or has not taught yet. Uses a whiteboard which half the class cant see, cancelled 8 lectures, gave us no idea what would be on the final besides giving us 1 practice final. Hes just a mess. Awful.
He rarely shows up in class, so he didn't finish what we should learn. He has no idea of the where the class is at, and he needs to look at students notes to find out what he should teach. Clearly come with no preparation. TA section teaches most stuff, TA did much more work than him. His office hour is 7:15-8:15 am. No curve.
I don't think this Professor knows what he taught and what he didn't. Based on what he did this quarter, the content of final exam does not match his practiced exam and TA review session. He canceled too many class, even the last class before the final exam. So that we don't even know what the range of the final exam. Also, his class is boring.
Had Ellis for Econ 301 and 382. Easy professor if you keep these in mind: (1) do not miss lectures and write everything down (2) the practice exams contain 50% of the exam questions and everything is from lecture (3) T.A's are very helpful; don't bother asking Ellis for help (4) if friends have taken the course, ask for practice exams. Be Boundless
Greg Ellis is very clear with his lectures. He will usually tackle about 3 different types of problems per lecture, and tests you on exactly what he's writing on the board. He doesn't try to trick you with his exams: if you know how to do those problems, you'll do well in the class. You get notecards on exams as well (extremely helpful)!
I agree with the last few comments about clarity. Ellis is really smart--and his class isn't THAT hard if you know calculus--but I definitely got the feeling that he didn't want to be stuck in a room full of college kids. Not very nice during early morning office hours. The TAs were really pleasant and helpful, though!
If you attend lecture regularly and do the practice questions given this class is cake. Concepts are easy to grasp with basic understanding of calculus and there is not a huge depth of material covered overall.
I do not think Ellis is clear. Totally agree to the last person's comment. His lectures were boring. All he did was to copy formulas on the white board without explaining much. Most of the times you have to understand things by yourself and connect things you learnt together. But exams were easy. Make sure to do the practice exams. Find a good TA.
I have no clue why people on here think Ellis is "so clear." He really isn't. He just writes up a bunch of jumbled equations up on the board that you've never seen before and gets feisty when someone tries to ask a clarifying question.  Error-prone! You need to go to class and REALLY read the textbook to at least kind of understand the material.
Make sure you go to class, he does not provide lecture notes online. He is old fashioned in that he uses the white boards to teach everything and your grade is made up of 1 midterm (40% of grade), the final (50% of grade), and online homework (10%). Good lecturer and made it clear what to expect on the exams.
Not a very engaging professor, but he tries his best and is very straightforward with teaching concepts and what you have to know for the exams. That being said, there's also some catching up that has to be done on your own to truly master the concept cause his lectures can go rather fast. Grading is also quite lenient so it's not a bad class.
Ellis is the reason I considered majoring in econ. Yes, he is old-fashioned (you HAVE to go to class, he does everything on a white-board, no recorded classes, and textbook lecture-style), but he is so clear. He will always provide an example and slow down if you just raise your hand and ask. Great dry humor. Early office hours @7:30am. LOVE HIM!
Best professor I have ever had for economics. He is very intelligent on the subjects he talks about. Don't miss lectures. Make sure you take good notes. Do the practice exams you are given because they are extremely similar to the actual exams. Really easy to get a good grade if you just show up to class and pay attention. Absolutely loved him.
The biggest issue I had with this class was that Professor Ellis did not make lectures available online, and talked way too quickly to take good notes. On top of that, Ellis is not very engaging and I found it hard to pay attention.I learned most from completing the homework assignments on MyEconlab and doing the practice problems in the textbook.
Must attend all lectures; very hard to do well if you don't know the material shown in class. 1 assigned textbook is useless. 2nd textbook with select articles are all found online so no need to spend extra money on it. Practice tests and hw definitely help for test preparation. Lectures sometimes don't make sense and Ellis skips over explanations.
Ellis's Econ 200 is very hard. He go through a lot of materials very quickly for each class and we don't even have any time to process. He will never repeat anything unless being asked. Some points are really hard to understand but he talks really fast about them. Also lack of responsibility. Ends class almost 1 hour early every time.
The class and the subject is interesting to me, and Professor Ellis is very knowledgeable in the area of Economics. The lectures were very early in the morning and two hours long so a friend to talk to a little bit during class helps or coffee as well. His lectures weren't available outside of class so attendance is mandatory.
Oh man, the class period was long, surviving his lectures in the morning was difficult, and his office hours are so early. Though I would recommend him, because most of the stuff he covers is in the book as well, word-by-word. Most of the problem sets he gives are similar to his pop quizzes and exam questions. Having an awesome TA makes it easier.
Really enjoyed the subject matter, and I thought that Ellis did a good job of relating it in simple terms. I got essentially all I needed from lectures, but the textbook was helpful when I needed more details. His office hours are 7:30am, if that's too tough keep that in mind
