He sets you up to fail on the tests bc his slides are so disorganized &amp; hard to read. If he edited his slides then it would be easier to study for the tests. Sure, he's a nice guy, but the first day of class he tells the students that only half will receive A's&amp;B's &amp; the rest will get C's,D's,&amp;F's. Tests are curved bc everyone fails.
Lecture's are dry and boring. Slides are disorganized and he often goes on long tangents about things that are not on exams. The only grades are 2 exams (which are held outside of class) and a final exam. He reviews his last lecture for the first half hour of class so you will get the same amount of info going once a week and you will save time.
Think you study hard and then the tests are completely random and you can't understand anything
Don't waste your time by attending lecture- just teach yourself from his lecture slides. Tests are very hard and ask specific facts that you most likely didn't study. Take advantage of the old exams that he posts b/c usually the current exam will ask the same exact questions. This is basically a self-taught class, don't try to give Mel a chance.
I only went to lecture 3 times all semester because it is a huge waste of time. Mel's slides are posted online and in class he just makes everything more confusing or will put you to sleep. Tests are very difficult and ask weird, specific questions about random facts he includes on his slides. Worst class I've ever had.
This class was my worst class of my second semester. I really hope that future students of CU who are in need of a science credit won't make the same mistake I did and take this class. He is one of the worst teachers I have ever had. He is the most monotone speaker- his classes are irrelevant because he just reads off of the slides- don't take it.
Worst professor I have ever had at CU. He makes no effort to get into his contact with his students, his entire lectures are based on slides you can access online, and the grade of the course is 2 midterms and a final. Not to mention, he makes numerous mistakes in lecture, therefore providing his students no incentive to go to class. Truly awful.
If you enjoy sleeping in class, this is the class to take.  Every time I went to class at least 6 people were asleep.  The good thing about this class is that you never have to go to class to understand the material, it's in his powerpoint online.  Just watch out for his tests, he asks very specific questions so make sure you study.
If you're taking a heavy semester, be warned do not take. If you are not a auditory learner, don't take. If you can't stand monotone or self focused lectures, don't take. If you hate contradiction in lectures then, don't bother.    He attempted to teach things he had no clue on, example being ATOC course work. Can't answer questions at all.
I took tropical marine ecology hoping it be an interesting class; however, Mel managed to make this class horrible. He has been teaching the same lecture for 20 yrs. He goes straight off of the slides and doesn't engage the class at all. The tests are extremely tough and all specific fill in the blank questions. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS
Why all the hate for mel?  He is a really nice guy! Sure, class is boring, but if you show up and take notes you are almost guaranteed a B or above in his class.  Tests are based entirely on lecture slides.  Dont buy the book - it's useless. He curves tests heavily, and it is easy to do well in his class.  Plus he is a really nice guy!
Super nice guy, the tests aren't hard. Drink an energy drink before class though.
Class isn't hard if you just study the slides but the actual class time is pretty much useless.  I never went and still ended up with an A in both parts of the class, but every time I went to class just felt like a waste.
ONLY good thing are his exams are all based on the lecture slides &amp; he posts them online. However, he was 4-5 weeks behind in his lectures and is just now speeding through to catch up, making this final having a ridiculous amount of info to study. Haven't been to lecture since September, got a C on the 1st exam, B on the 2nd w/huge curve.
His class is sooo boring. Monotone voice, not exciting... makes you fall asleep. Also his tests are super difficult. Half the things were only slightly mentioned in class and not on the power point at all. All fill in information, very specific and no multiple choice. The worst. Take a different class.
Mel is adorable (he invited the entire class to his Thanksgiving dinner) but his lectures SUCK and his tests are THE WORST. I got a D in EBIO 1040 and now I have to take it in my final semester to get credit for my major. Please take gen bio... Perhaps it's harder but it's not taught in an archaic style/the tests reflect the material.
This class is painful to sit through...his slides are a mess, his voice is impossible to hear (and he sounds like yoda), and it is impressively boring...I've never had a class where I physically wanted to run out and away from the building.
Mel has great stories to share and always makes himself laugh. Sometimes he changes things up, but other than that the tests are 100% off the lecture power points and very boring. Attendance is not mandatory, but if you want a good laugh its nice to go. His tests are challenging, but if you study and review the practice tests they are manageable!
Great professor with a ton of drive.  I'm not sure shy people are ragging on him so badly but if you sit anywhere in the front 10 rows you can hear him just fine.  Probably has the most life experience in and out of the subject out of anyone that I have ever met.
WORST PROFESSOR I have had in my four years of attending CU Boulder. I took his Coral Reef Ecology class which consists of one week of in class lecture + one week in Cozumel. Sounds like a great class right, Cundiff managed to make it not only a terrible trip, but ruined the potential for any 'fun' you think you would have. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASSES!
