James Bennett never used the textbook for the class. The online homework was made intentionally difficult. The exams for the class werent based on the practice exams. Professor doesnt use blackboard.
Dr James Bennett intentionally made this class hard because the exams were so difficult and not based on lectures, homework, and practice exam. He deliberately makes students fail
Didn't go to a single class and still got an A, the textbook is your best friend. Tests heavily based around textbook teachings. If you feel bad about an exam you can 'DNR' but that puts more weight on the final. Do not do this. Just be sure to read up and do well on alpia homework and you'll be good. Read for the time you'r skipping class. Trust
Much easier than the other option of restisi if you have the option of bennett take him he is the easiest econ professor but still not that easy.
This guy is great. Very funny. If you actually show up to class and listen and do the work you'll be fine. He literally tell you what is important and what will be one the exam and he tells you things to help you remember the concepts. I don't ike economics but this professor made it enjoyable.
He is a very rude professor ever. You could not communicate with him even the 1st time. He doesn't respect the students at all
Worst class ever. He tells you at the beginning of the semester that his class is the most failed course in the entire university but I was naive and stayed in his class. Big mistake. All he does is talk talk talk and derails himself from what he's teaching to personal stories and he doesn't go in depth, the exams were a nightmare.
His lectures are vague, but makes understanding the material easier, but don't depend on your in-class notes to help you pass the exams. Reading the textbook made this class easy for me and also take advantage of the sample exams he posts on blackboard and the ungraded HW problems. This is an easy class to pass as long as you put the effort in.
Funny guy, hard tests. His lectures are vague compared to the tests.
Economics is already a really boring subject, and though he's very nice, the class was definitely TRASH. I struggled following along and the homework or reading didn't help me at all. Maybe I'm just dumb but..... wouldn't recommend.
It's easy to follow along with his lectures if you read the chapter the night before. You will be lost if you don't. Skipping class will affect you the most since there are times where the lecture made more sense than the textbook. if your lazy and you fall behind by one chapter it is over for you. Good Luck playing catch up from then on.
Do not take!
Do not take!This man is so disrespectful, when handing back our exams, He threw them on the ground so we could come pick them up like dogs. Once during a test I asked a question, he came up straight in my face and told me I didn't know cause I don't pay attention. turns out everyone had the same question. I reported him, and the school did NOTHING
Most savvy prof ever. Relates everything to economics. Wants to prepare students to succeed in REAL WORLD. Tough grader who teaches by showing where wrong. Short paper every week to improve analytical and writing skills. Course is unforgettable.
Lots of thinking; not much reading. Class stresses how to use basic econ to solve problems and business writing. Seminar format. No exams. Bennett marks up we short weekly papers to improve writing skills. You will learn a lot. Don't miss class, discussion is always interesting.... different from other courses. Prof's TA grades the papers.
Where do I begin with this professor? To flourish in the class, you have to DROP YOUR EGO bc he is not afraid to tell it like it is. Get ready to get low grades on your paper. By low grades I mean 4/10 one week, 5/10 another week. Maybe 6/10 the next week. But once u get thru the trails/ tribulations , you will love the course for he is brilliant.
Bennett attempts to dismantle the typical undergraduate learning environment by running his class like a symposium. While there is a range of appropriate answers for each weekly prompt, the structure allows you think both economically and logically. Students who have a clear understanding of economic concepts are rewarded.
Hard Grader Worth it. No other course is like this one. Teacher explains how to analyze problems using simple economics. Sort of off the wall, but interesting classes. Sometimes stuff discusses seems weird, but it makes sense in the end. He marked up my papers more than any english prof. Useful course.
Never had a class like this.... Never know what will be discussed in class. Could be opera, ancient China, recycling, ducks, or most anything -- but it WORKS. It's entertaining, interesting, and I leave each class with new info/ideas. Sometimes seems crazy, but there is a method.
Dr. Bennett is a true asset to GMU. His main goal is to teach you to think critically in life and become successful. This class is not for the faint of heart, several people couldn't hack it. If you manage to make it to the end of the course, you will learn a lot about yourself and the challenges employers will give you.
