Seemed indifferent and dismissive of questions or comments. Had some strong and offensive opinions that were not doctrine based. Material is clearly conveyed in the reading, though. Definitely not a hard class, easy enough if you just do the reading. Tests are easy. But I would much rather take a hard class from someone who cares.
Such good lectures. This is the second class I've taken from Dr. Marsh and I would definitely take more. His tests are extremely easy and he really focuses on you getting a lot out of the lectures. Take his classes and pay attention in class cause he will blow your mind!
While his intentions are good, I hated this class. I know for a fact people in my class left the church because of how he taught. I hated that if you asked for clarification he would say "read my book." NOTHING is posted online because hes worried people are gonna copy his stuff. Its the easiest class on earth, but hes pretty offensive.
I absolutely loved taking from Dr. Marsh. He is funny, smart, and genuinely cares about his students success. Just make sure that you pay attention to what he tells you to study in class, and you'll do great.
He's the man.  So good in lectures ant the test were not hard, if you paid attention
This class is new at BYU so they are still trying to figure out the best way to teach it. Brother Marsh is amazing and has taught me so much I didn't know about the Restoration, and it is actually interesting. The tests are easy (most people got an A) and he does little extra credit assignments like taking a picture at the church history museum.
TAKE A CLASS FROM BROTHER MARSH. I learned more from him in one semester than I learned in almost any other religion class. He knows SO much about the gospel and if you get the chance to pick his brain, do it. He knows students are busy, so the homework and tests are cake. But I still remember everything I learned in his class. No regrets.
I LOVE BROTHER MARSH. I took him for Book of Mormon AND Joseph Smith translation of the Bible. He is amazing. SO funny. His class is easy, and if you pay attention to the lectures you wont have a problem passing his tests. Also, he likes to let class out early sometimes.
Professor Marsh was pretty offensive in his manner of speaking sometimes, but overall he knew a lot about the gospel. This class was SO EASY I can't even put it into words. I never once attended class and I just reviewed the study guide before the tests and it was a breeze. There are no assignments, just 4 exams. Easiest religion class ever.
If you do the assigned readings (which really aren't bad, I promise!) you will pass easily.
I LOVED Dr. Marsh. He brought an amazing spirit into the class and makes you feel like you are of the greatest generation in the world! He strengthened my testimony and my knowledge of the book of mormon more than anybody else has and I am so grateful for him. Take his class!!!!!!
I really liked Dr. Marsh's teaching style; he brings the spirit in the classroom. Rules: (1) No electronics, period. (2)Tests are closed book, closed notes. I loved his lectures, but your grade is solely determined on your test score. I found his tests to be ridiculous. Some of his questions are so easy and some even RM's can't answer without BOM.
If you're a non-member, do not take this course from him. He means well, but his manner of speaking could be offensive or confusing. Members and non-members alike: Its not that taking it from him is bad, its that taking it from someone else could be life-changing (instead of slightly entertaining and an easy work load).
I LOVED Book of Mormon with Dr. Marsh. His lectures are amazing and I learned so much! He doesn't have any assignments or essays or anything and his tests are super easy. Just go to class and you'll do fine! I would definitely recommend Dr. Marsh.
Super smart and entertaining guy. Study the course packet before the test and you will do good. Gives plenty of extra credit. Easy A
First class he comes off as pretty annoying,  but he's not bad. I've enjoyed him!  He gives nice lessons (although honestly missing a few has not hurt my scores) and the tests are clear and straightforward. Just make sure to read the packet and student manual! He's also really good about offering extra credit if you're into that. And no busy work!
last one, I swear awkwardly laugh to get on his goodside, while he smiled his weird, sneering smile.  In all, you shouldn't even bother going to class and just study from the student manual, you'll do fine.  If you really want to learn about the Book of Mormon, please, pleeeease take it from another teacher it'll be much more enjoyable and easy.
If you want to actually learn something, choose a different teacher.  Marsh is absolutely the worst religion teacher in the school.  Sprouts off about obscure references and facts while just showing slides covered in texts.  What's worse is he doesn't allow any electronics whatsoever in class, so it's almost impossible to take notes.  Also, he
Professor Jeff Marsh is a wonderful religions teacher. I had him for Book of Mormon part one and now I'm taking New Testament from him. The lectures are inspirational and hold the spirit while he also throws in funny jokes and experiences. There's a bit of reading but it's worth it for the insite Brother Marsh provides.
Ok I went in expecting this great class because I''d only ever heard great reviews. False. I guess maybe he''s not my style I just feel like he tries to teach things as doctrine when they''re more like Mormon myth and kind of acts like If you don''t agree with me then you''re obviously wrong. I guess I wish he''d have focused more on the scriptures.
