If something goes off the code, itll be difficult to get him not to stick to the code no matter what. He teaches using examples only and doesnt answer questions very well, just kinda points at it some more. 5 exams make up 75% of the grade and there is no extra credit, you need to study hard to pass this class.
He is hands down my most favorite professor of college so far. His tests are almost identical to class examples and homework and any grade below a B on a test is only your fault. He is by far the most passionate math professor I've ever had. If you do not leave his class inspired, then you came to class to be disappointed.
Online class, lectures were generic for the school and not actually from Zhu. Quick to respond to questions however which was really nice. Final is 35% of your total grade so definitely heavy hitting. Tests followed homework pretty well but I still spent quite a bit of time in tutoring so be ready to put in the work because its college not HS!
His class is undeniably hard, but if you pay attention in class, you still won't pass. If you haven't taken calculus before this, don't take his class. If you don't know algebra WELL, dont take his class. If you cant understand foreign accents, don't take his class. Overall very fun.
Zhu is clearly knowledgeable in math. However, if this is your first math class at ASU, I would advise against taking him. Background knowledge in calculus is essential to doing well in his class. He is extremely test heavy and tests you on hard examples, so understanding the material is vital to an A. You'll have to work for that A, or even B.
This professor clearly loves math, but has no idea how to teach it. You can't understand him and he does not take questions in class. Tale this class if you have taken AP calc and don't want to learn anything new but if you do not know calc before this class you will be screwed.
He is the funniest professors I have ever had. He really cares about the subject matter and knows what he is talking about. I laughed in every class I went to. Love him
HE DOES NOT SPEAK ENGLISH CLEARLY. You most likely wont under stand a single thing he says and will have to use the textbook to learn every single lesson. Dont bother showing up to class because he wont teach you anything anyway. Even stuff I already know, I was confused about through trying to understand his explanations. DO NOT TAKE this course.
Prof. Zhu is hands down the best math professor I've ever had. He invests his time in his students if you're willing to put in the work to pass. He is always available to answer questions via email or office hours. His lectures are long, fast paced and packed with info; but they will be the best lectures you have at ASU. A++ Professor
Fantastic math professor. Always starts the lecture jumping right in and made sure we were "with him".
He is a very hard teacher and will fail you if you do not try as hard as possible
Dr. Zhu is by far the most passionate math professor I have ever met. To him, math is a language, and he is sure to make you notice the beauty of it. You HAVE to attend class if you expect to pass tests, as many parts of the exams are graded based on the specific steps shown in class. This is a great class for one who has already seen the material.
Zhu is not for everyone, but he is an incredible math teacher who wants you to learn. He's funny and not boring. Tests make up a huge chunk of the grade, and if you don't pay attention or don't show up you will absolutely struggle. If you make an effort and show up, you should be fine. His tests are very similar to quizzes and class notes.
Very Hard Professor and half of my class was failing before the final. Not the worst professor out there but one of the hardest out there.
Amazing man. He is the most passionate Calculus professor I've ever had and conveys his excitement every day. Make sure to go to class because his in-class examples are similar to his test questions. If you pay attention and take close notes you're gonna get an A while also having a good time.
His accent is easy enough to understand, lectures contain a lot of useful information that shows up on tests so be sure to never miss a class. He offers extra credit on all tests if the average isn't a 70. Not lots of homework. Overall good professor that knows his stuff and cares about his students. As tough as to be expected from Calc 2.
I feel like Zhu could be a great professor, and if you're good at math, he probably is. But unfortunately his lectures sometimes lack focus, and he often assumes the class understands more than it actually does. If you take him, do not skip class. Almost every lecture has new, important information that directly correlates to problems on the tests.
I have always been really good at math and I am failing. He doesn't offer any partial credit on exams and you basically have to teach yourself all of the material. You have to sign an attendance sheet every day and there are pop quizzes every week. He has a 20% rule so they all get As, then next 20 gets Bs. All 266 profs are tough so good luck.
Avoid at ALL COSTS. Has NO regard for students. Has said, "If you have a full time job or take more than 2 classes, you should not take my class". For some reason, he believes his class is the most important one you will take, and it is not. Speeds through lectures, is a messy writer, and makes mistakes. DO NOT TAKE ZHU.
Teaches extremely fast and he has a slight accent. hard to follow. Gives weekly quizzes and attendance is mandatory. At the beginning on semester went on about how he wants everyone to succeed and how if the average was below a 70 on tests he would make everyone redo the tests yet on both tests the average was below and he curved only a few points.
