Material is interesting, but poorly explained. Lecture contradicts itself. Exams have &gt;10% mis-worded questions that are removed. Prior exams provided w/ incorrect answers, yet unchanged. Answers for test changed w/o notice. Prof thinks anecdotal is same as antidotal. Lectures excluded from Blackboard b/c of errata, but used in exam. Bush-league.
Yes, it is true that he is funny and engaging. It's unfortunate that his lectures are biased and promote unhealthy eating behaviors. He does not promote body positivity (or even body neutrality) and his class is known to lead many towards disordered eating. If you're going to take this class, be wary of his overlooked biases and manipulated data.
By far my favorite professor. He is so funny and also an understanding professor. I looked forward to going to lecture. Sometimes they were exciting, but they could also be bland depending on the topic. Taking the supplemental class was also very helpful.
Great professor, if your go to class and study decently you should be able to do well. Multiple opportunities for extra credit.  Very nice guy, and is super passionate about his field. 100% recommend.
Prof. Levitsky is not only an expert in his field in obesity and nutrition but also a passionate, hilarious professor. His lectures were inspiring. NS1150 material is not difficult but very comprehensive and you would need to know a great amount of details. Very time consuming but his lectures are hilarious.
I never went to lecture
Puts up all lectures online, very specific slides,  Tests are a little annoying since they consist of over 100 T/F questions. Overall great class, I learned a lot.
One of my favorite classes at Cornell! The class is well organized and Levitsky is so  interesting!
Prof. Levitsky is GREAT. His lectures are funny and informative. He offers rebuttal opportunities after exams, and genuinely wants you to learn and care about your health as it relates to nutrition. Also, the TAs are incredibly helpful and always accessible. I am in ILR, and am so happy I chose this class as my science &amp; technology distribution.
As a lecturer, he's fantastic! However, I thought the class was WAY too difficult  for a 1000-level (especially since I'm an HD major and only took this as an elective). The lectures are awesome and hilarious, but the exams were pretty hard for an intro class. You also have to do a pretty extensive term paper at the end, too.
HES THE BEST
Hands down the best class I have ever taken at Cornell!! Take it and you wont regret it!!
Dr. Levitsky is passionate and informed, also very nice. His lectures are interesting (cooking in class, etc.). Every test is TF and has an opportunity to argue points back afterwards. The work load is very low and the paper is very easy if you take NS1160. Just listen in class and you'll be fine. No textbook to buy. Lots of easy extra credit.
Professor is funny and the material is interesting. However, a lot of memorization and regurgitation is required. The wording on test questions are sometimes unclear. Take advantage of the various extra credit opportunities that are offered. Take NS 1160 if you can because it will provide sample questions and guidance for the term paper.
One of my least favorite professors at Cornell so far. Finals and prelims are purely ~120 T/F questions, many of which are awkwardly phrased. Really interesting course material, but Levitsky is incredibly unhelpful as a professor
A solid instructor, however, he is strikingly narrow-minded for a class that requires a particularly unbiased focus. He regularly comments on how to approach nutrition issues from multiple viewpoints and then neglects to do so himself. Also, the class itself is very lazily constructed and arranged. It's easy doe
Levitsky is definitely my favorite professor at Cornell so far. All of the lectures are recorded so you don't have to go to class. Prelims (2) are about 120 questions (mainly true/false and some matching). Final is cumulative. You definitely have to study hard and be able to memorize a lot of info to do well in the class but Levitsky is awesome! :)
Even though he posted all of his lectures on the Blackbaord site, I still attended. He gives interesting lectures and is very passionate about the material that he presents. The exams are very straightforward; if you know the material, then you will do very well.
Levitsky is a great professor. Very passionate about nutrition and using it to change the world. Great intro to the major, but also good as an extraneous class. Drawback: much of the research he presents is his own, so take everything he says with a grain of salt.
he puts all lectures with his voice recorded online so you don't have to go to class; really fun; great teacher!
