Professor Halpin is very caring and drops one of your tests (including the final), but last semester decided to make us self-teach ourselves 2 chapters of chemistry. I took this class confident that I could finally do well in chemistry (I've always hated it), but this just made me struggle more in the final as I didn't understand anything.
This year, Professor Halpin thought it would be okay to not teach 2 chapters and make us self-teach ourselves. He would also lie to us about the coverage of each exam. Most people LOVE this professor, however I think he's mediocre. The only reason I did well was because I taught myself most of the material. However, he is VERY detailed/good lecture
Tough class, lots of homework, over 20 questions a week, ask questions go to his office hours, Im afraid to but I should go!
This man is a god. For all you freshman out there, do not fret, this man is a lovable bear on this inside even though he seems cutthroat. He'll make you love chemistry. Do all the homework and practice exams (UNDERSTAND the problem, don't copy formulas), and this class is an easy A. Lab was more tedious honestly.
The key is to attend lecture! Tbh, I didn't because I figured out that as long as you click in once before 9:15, you're present. But his explanations and examples are important. Do the homework, DO THE PRACTICE TESTS, go to his review sessions. I had a really hard time, but he wants you to learn. Great guy, just be ready to work for your grade!
He's amazing. Although it's really easy to skip the lectures, they're worth going to because Halpin's great at explaining the material.
Best Professor, great teacher!
Teaches both Gen Chem I and II, so you'll probably have him for both semesters. First semester, I didn't like the class at all and struggled really hard, but that's honestly because I'm not that good at chem. As long as you really put the effort in and realize that he REALLY just wants you to learn, you'll do fine.
He was really good.
I think this goes without saying, but you absolutely HAVE to study and put in a lot of your own work if you want to succeed in this class. Especially if you haven't taken AP Chem. Halpin was pretty good about facilitating that, and he gave you everything you needed to know. That doesn't mean he's an easy A. You'll need to do a lot more on your own.
If you pay attention in class, there is a high likelihood that you'll get a good grade. Explains concepts well and grading policy is fair.
Our class textbook is word for word what he says in lecture. You can nod off during class and won't miss out on too much. He has a clear lecture style and is a pretty funny guy. The exams are pretty lenient - as long as you show understanding, you will get partial to full credit. Homework is a lot but isn't a big deal as long as your TA is chill.
Halpin is my man. By far my favorite professor this semester. He explains things so well and doesn't go fast in lecture. The tests test your concepts, so you have to memorize nearly nothing. And they're pretty easy as long as you go over the practice exam. I hope I get professors like him in the future, I cant say enough good things about him.
Great professor! I learned a lot in his class. Definitely recommended.
John Halpin is one of the worst professors in the chemistry department. He reads word-for-word off a pdf during lectures. His homework assignments are ridiculously tedious (30 problems a week). Overall, he wastes a ton of time on stupid stuff like writing an extended essay on significant figures. I recommend taking chemistry at Tandon.
General Chemistry is a very heavy class that requires at least triple the amount of time and effort of your average class at NYU. His quizzes are tricky, but the midterms are OK. I am not premed, so taking this class was a mistake, but I am learning a lot more than I did in High School chemistry. The class isn't that difficult, just A LOT of work.
Very nice and caring. I definitely recommend Halpin! A great professor but definitely have to work hard to get A in his class. Lectures are fine as long as you pay attention and do homework.
honestly a very straightforward prof, about grading, exams, etc. lectures are kind of unnecessary, textbook is p good and he provides notes anyway.  quizzes make a difference, so actually try for those. repetition and practice are key in his class, do all problems provided - he models his questions off of other ones previously asked.
Took Halpin's gen chem sequence two semesters in a row. The man is a legend. Highly recommended!
Halpin's a clear explain and also understands that in Chem101 we mainly care about grades and getting a foundation for harder stuff and does teach to that. That being said, he also takes its status as a weed-out class seriously, with time-consuming homework and tricky test questions (go for partial credit!) It's an easy pass, but not an easy A.
