Best professor. He will do anything to help you succeed in class. Although the guy is retired, he is still my favorite professor
Such a great Professor. He was easy but that doesn't mean I didn't learn anything. Helped me appreciate the BoM even more after returning from my mission. I honestly wish he wasn't retiring.
He is retired now, but was an amazing teacher. His lectures were entertaining and his expectations were always very clear. His class helped my testimony and knowledge of the gospel grow so much! I loved him!!
Brother Parker is a good choice for a religion teacher. He tells what you need to do and then all you have to do is do it. You have to read 5 days a week. The quizzes are harder than the midterms because they're closed book. You can get an A in this class if you want it. He is funny sometimes but the class is all lecture.
Professor Parker is a nice guy, but he's very opinionated and if you really want to do well on tests you need to write everything down in your scriptures - whether you agree with the doctrine or not. I disagree with him on a lot of doctrine, but if you do the reading and write everything in your margins (no sticky notes allowed), you'll do fine.
He's a great guy that has some great stories. Expect 30 min of work a night.
No matter what others have said. He teaches the truth. He teaches with the scriptures and words of prophets. He will show you things you had no idea about. He is amazing. If you do not like to work hard to feel the Spirit to the point that the veil around you will be so thin, take someone else. This was his last semester, and what a wonderful man!!
Brother Parker is so amazing!!! I took his class my first semester of my freshman year and I was so worried about the other ratings that were left. He requires a lot of study time each day and multiple quizzes, the great thing is that he is very straightforward on what he is expecting. He is so willing to work with you. I learned SO MUCH!!
Brother Parker is honestly one of my favorite religion professors at BYU. His packet is pretty large but the questions are fairly easy to answer. He makes really in depth study guides for the final, so as long as you fill it out and study it, you'll do well.
I took Bro Parker's class this summer and it was fun and interesting. It is my first semester at BYU and it was a good class to easily transition to college. He has a few papers but they aren't that much work if you stay on top of them. He does have you read every day but it isn't much work after a you get used to it. He is always willing to help.
I really enjoyed his classes. You need to put in the time to study and learn, but it is a strait forward class. He tells you exactly how to get a good grade and he is willing to help you succeed. I messed up a test horribly and he let me re-take it. Work with him if you are struggling and he will be help you understand &amp; prepare for future tests
Brother Parker has been the best religion teacher I have had at BYU. He gives a lot of his own opinions but also tied all the things we were reading about in the scriptures to what was going on in our own lives. He is straightforward about what he expects you to do. The course load is heavy but you have a deep knowledge of the doctrine afterwards.
This class was not good. Parker requires you to go to the testing center 6 times for quizzes, 3 times for exams. That's 9 trips to the testing center for one class. You're required to read daily for 30 minutes -- 5 days a week -- and track it in a journal. There's 2 short essays and extra readings. Attendance is mandatory.  Take from someone else.
Can't say enough how unimpressed I was by his lectures. He mingled his own opinions into the doctrine constantly. The class as a whole had a negative energy. He was dismissive and condescending towards students that earnestly brought up questions. Disappointed BYU would hire someone with such small minded views. His class doesn't foster growth.
Brother Parker is so incredibly sweet and really knows his stuff. He tells the greatest stories. He has you read 30 minutes of BoM every night and the book that you read with it is super valuable and insightful. He's been teaching for many years and is a great choice for this class.
He taught the philosophies of men mingled with scripture.
Bro Parker has a heavier work load than normal teachers. He uses a packet that he created. You read the chapter and answer questions in the packet. The packet is used for quizzes taken in the testing center. Very organized and straight forward, just a little more work. His exams weren't terribly hard. No papers or journals. He is a very good man!
Brother Parker is a nice guy, but the way he approaches religion classes leans heavily academically. I spend more time in this 2-credit class than any of my other classes. His massive packet he gives you for studying the tests is meticulous and it's hard to tell exactly what he's looking for on test questions. Just a busy class.
I really enjoyed this class. Professor Parker is a great teacher and really understood the criteria. Get ready for lots of dad jokes and puns. Probably my favorite religion class I have taken yet.
He doesn't teach the gospel, but his own personal opinion. He says things that are often wrong and contrary to church doctrine.
