If you struggle with exams, don't take this class. Steve is difficult to understand and there are very few grades for the semester. If you do badly on one exam it is hard to recover.
I think he was a hilarious professor, but I understand the mixed reactions. You need to actually listen to what he says because his slides are normally just the terms you are going over. The actual application of the terms is in lecture. If you don't go to lecture, you'll probably be very lost.
The class has a lot of busy work. Recitations involve papers and group projects. The tests are pretty difficult. Chan is not a very good lecturer either. There is also a 12-15 page paper.
Steve Chan is very intelligent and knowledgeable within the theory realm of political science. But, this class is difficult and there is a lot of information to keep track of. It's an interesting class but not my favorite. You have to put in a decent amount of effort to get above a C. Chan is hard to understand as well....
Had him for a small lecture. Definitely need to review the terms he puts on the syllabus. During lecture, he kept calling us "stupid" which I think he meant as a joke, but it was annoying. He's a tough grader and doesn't give extra credit. Also, he didn't follow definitions from the book, he liked to make them up himself. Some of them were wrong.
Took the 5-week course, which was insanely paced. Assigns you to read 1 chapter/day and take a quiz on it. Offers 3 discussion for extra credit, two mandatory papers, and two exams (final, midterm). Offers almost no flexibility in his class, which defeats the purpose of an online class. His accent is heavy, so you have to rewind the lecture a lot.
Professor Chan is a great guy, he is enthusiastic about his class in international behavior and is very funny when it comes down to it. He is easy to follow in class, so long as you attend class and make yourself known he will take care of you in the long run. He is enjoyable to listen to and there are readings but they are discussed in class.
I had him in a small seminar class with about 15 people. It was definitely the best class I have ever taken. I've come out of the class feeling 100x smarter, yet 100x more stupid. He makes you re-think everything! The readings are long, but it is not essential to read every piece because we talk about them in class and the material is not tested on
I would only recommend Dr. Chan in a small seminar. We focused exclusively on journal articles (all free!). He is long-winded and talks more than he should for a "discussion," but he is very informed and approachable with questions. If you do the readings, make sure to understand them, and can write a strong and logical paper, you will be fine.
The main fault in this class is the variation in the recitation leaders so its important to talk to other students, also the tests are very comprehensive but for an introduction IAFS Chan was notibly intellegent and interesting. Not very helpful personally but very fair and clearly knowledgable. Go to lectures.
Prof. Chan is very confusing and hard to understand. He has minimal visual aids and is hard to pay attention to in class. I do not recommend this professor for anyone who is a visual learner. It is a bore and the tests are very hard.
He's very Love him or hate him. he uses lots of interesting analogies and sometimes goes on tangents in lectures. He tends not to go over the book in class and leaves that for your own time/recitations which i liked but may be a bother to other students
Very eccentric
This class is horrible. What we talk about in lecture barely shows up on the tests if at all. The tests are worded very poorly and he gives us no study guide material for this class so you have no idea what he wants for the test. I would not recommend this class to anyone.
This class is horrible. Chan jumps around from topic to topic and doesn't adequately tie concepts together. He speaks to the class as if we are complete idiots. One day he said, "I don't know if you know this, but the Soviet Union doesn't exist anymore." This class is required for PSCI and IA majors, but try and take it with someone else if you can
Chan is an extremely captivating professor. He is eccentric and someone who can hold the attention of a 500+ person lecture class. He is a really nice and approachable professor. If you know the terms that he writes on the board and how the relate to each other you will do fine on the exam. He's great and hilarious!
Mr. Chan is a sweet man and covers a lot of information. He also repeats himself over and over again to try and drill in his points, which can be annoying. Overall he's easy
This class was ridiculous and terrible. What we talk about in lecture barely shows up on the tests. The tests are worded poorly and he gives no study guide material for this extremely broad class so you have no idea what he wants for the test I don't think he even knows he is really hard to read. He seems sweet but in reality is rude and arrogant.
I'm a political science major and this class made me want to switch majors. Very nonspecific about study materials [anything said in lecture, anything read in text] and he jumped around during lectures making it hard to keep track of things. good analogies. Lots of jargon. making flashcards of the terms goes a long way.
Chan has a lot of good info to share in the classroom, but is also sort of eccentric and all over the place when lecturing. He uses a lot of irrelevant analogies and can make things harder than they need to be. I happen to like eccentricity, but if you don't find another professor.
