great teacher, the class was so interesting !! great experience !
i love the prof so much , he 's great !!!!!!!!!
Remo is the best professor I have EVER had in any subject. He is incredibly passionate about his students and the art of acting. This course requires complete participation -- read the text (it's great!) And do all of the work and I promise you will grow and have a stronger understanding of the material. I honestly can't recommend him enough.
I took a public speaking with professor Remo, and it was incredibly inspiring and I benefited a lot from the class. Remo always tries to help you and he is always on your side to help make it through any difficulty, but you have to do the reading assignment, because if you dont you will have a lot of difficulties in studying for the final.
A brilliant teacher who inspires every single student he works with. It is amazing to me the amount of time, care and attention he gives to everyone in his class. Shakespeare is not easy but Remo's love for the material and his expert, sensitive coaching make these plays accessible in a way I would've never thought possible when the semester began.
Loved every class
I was looking for a class to fill a humanities requirement, and one that would take me out of my comfort zone so I chose drama. After 3 weeks straight of a rocky start due to multiple snow storms class finally began. Remo is truly a gifted and amazing human and professor! He can break anyone out of their shell, gently! Wonderful experience!
I mean i"m not gonna lie or nothing class was hard. I feel like this dudes a solid choice but their was a lot a work and reading it was hard
No words! Remo is the greatest teacher/mentor I have ever had.
Loved Remo. He is so kind, funny, inspirational, and down to earth. He will give you so much individual attention and help you grow significantly. An amazing professor and person.
The most inspirational professor I have ever taken a class with.  For many, this class becomes life changing; classmates who struggled to speak in public at the start were transformed by 'Remo' - as he insists on being called -into highly confident speakers.  I was humbled by his devotion to the class.  He is strict on attendance  &amp; participation.
I  took Remo's Public Speaking class and have never had a better educational experience. He is completely dedicated to making all his students excel and the amount of time and energy he devoted to each and every one of us was astounding. He also happens to be hilarious and as kind a person as you're likely to meet. Great teacher.
Remo Airaldi - Simply the Best in the business.
Amazing class. I'd highly recommend this course  to anyone contemplating the pursuit of any dramatical studies. Professor Airaldi is not only knowledgable  and experience, but he draws the best out of every student.  p.s. Good luck with getting into this course as it's extremely competitive.
Remo's Shakespeare class was spectacular. He is a fantastic teacher.
Remo is an incredibly warm, welcoming individual, who has a talent for bringing out the best performances in actors. He is a joy to work with and learn from. Unbelievably inspiring and generous. Superlatives are truly not sufficient.
I took a class with Remo this semester after reading all the amazing reviews (and having him be recommended to me by many friends). All I can say is, no one was exaggerating. He is beyond belief, both as a teacher and a person. You would be a fool not to take any class taught by him. I never left class less than totally inspired.
Wonderful WONDERFUL teacher. I guarantee you will enjoy and learn SO MUCH from this class. Although it can be a little nerve racking at first will all the speeches you will have to do. I'll be worth it. Don't be afraid to meet with him. He is AMAZING and will show you so much. It is an awesome experience. I really did wish it could go on.
Never in my life I saw so much commitment to a job. REMO's true passion is to help students develop. He challenges  everybody, still fair, according to the actual speaking skills. This course was one of the most valuable experiences of my life. REMO has become one of my personal heros and my deepest wish is to never loose contact to this great man.
Remo is the best acting coach you could ever have. He has helped improve everyone so much. He knows exactly how to break down a monologue and how to prepare for any audition. The most dedicated, selfless teacher I have ever had. I will never go into an audition without thinking about everything he taught me. Spectacular!
