Coursework: Presentations, group projects,group discussions, papers All work has an assignment sheet with all requirements for full credit. Just have to read, must be hard for people here. If there is any confusion it is very easy to email or set up an appointment to seek help. Attendance Don't go to college if you don't want to show up for class.
Though I do agree that he's a tough grader and his class is very assignment heavy, if you're participating in class he'll do what he can to see you succeed. Beware of his attendance policy though, he marks you down for being late so try not to have his class be your first of the day. (Especially if you're commuting) Enjoyed his class though!
This freshmen course is ridiculously hard. His expectation is not clear and he would tell you do what you want (but then takes points off because that's not what he wants). Many group projects, and they suck because if your partners screw up, you will receive the penalty too.  A writing class with both final exams and final essays.
This is the worst experience I have ever had in my life. This class is hell and this man will do anything he can to not take responsibility for his awful set up. He is rude and a tough grader, you take pointless quizzes, and have to work hard for a C. Being stuck in this class all year has made me STRONGLY consider transferring schools.
I wouldn't recommend him for any class. He is moody and unpredictable. If you cannot avoid him, don't bother with office hours or lecture. Read any books or watch anything on-line if you can.
Projects are challenging and at the same time they are not crystal clear.
The class assignments helped me in doing comprehensive research on novel topics related to subject. The regular class quizzes enabled me to study regularly and stay on top of the subject preparation. The final class project was challenging and I got an opportunity to implement my theoretical knowledge to a real world problem.
The classes are interactive and be ready to learn and read a lot. The journey will be amazing!!
The courses I took under Teuscher were really challenging and hard . He is really strict when it comes to his code of conduct and a tough grader but he treats everyone equally. His projects, though vague at start eventually helped to clear many of my concepts which also helped in final exams.
Took ECE585, but really liked ECE586. Challenging final project, yet a great learning experience. Teuscher helped me a lot with feedback on the final project report. He also set up Slack for quick questions. Compare to many faculty, he does reply to e-mail quickly. Ask for help and you'll get it. Tough tests and grader, yet treats everyone equally.
Moody, unpredictable. Changes coursework  in the middle of the night via email, just hours before due. Do the reading on your own before lecture. Lectures are dry, and he mumbles. Don't bother with office hours, he will tell you to leave.  Keep your head down and don't ask for help.
Lots of homework and the criteria is unclear. Try to start the assignment way ahead of time so you can ask him to give feedback on it beforehand.
really moody
I had Christof for Life Unlimited and I think that most people would say he isn't a good teacher but I have to completely disagree. He is well overqualified  and has done AMAZING things in his professional career. Most didn't like him because he actually challenged them intellectually. His class changed my life and I would recommend him to anyone.
Christof fails when it comes to helping students and understanding expectations of projects. It is clear he needs to perform better and have a more professional attitude as an advisor.
This is a very interesting class. The course load is pretty heavy, so make sure you know how to manage your time. Be prepared to discuss major topics frequently.
He's pretty unsympathetic in grades.
he is a great teacher to take for a frinq class!
Very down to business in class, often times humerus however. Is willing to further clarify, help, and improve students learning if they took the initiative to ask for help.
The expectations of assignments are sometimes confusing and hard to follow.
