good
one of the best classes I have taken at Harvard. Fascinating material, engaging lectures.
Hauser is amazingly passionate about the material. it is infectious.
This was, hands down, the best class I have taken at Harvard.  Hauser inspired us all with passion, for tackling the apathy toward science, and for empowering us with our own ideas. His teaching is infectious, and so too is his warmth and interest in the students. If only more professors at Harvard could be so cool and interesting
Glad I transfered from BU to join this professor in his engaing lectures!  Great class and got an A
it is so rare to have a professor at harvard who engages with undergrads, and spends time with them, both working on research and concerned with education. hauser is a pleasure to be with.
hauser's lectures were some of the most fun, engaging and interesting at harvard. the course is incredible. chock full of ideas.
HE IS AMAZING.  Awesome lectures, incredible ideas... I hope I can have him again.
very cool. brilliant mind
i don't get the conceited comment below. Hauser is one of the few profs at harvard who is completely open to hanging out with students, is very approachable, and does freshman advising.  not many like him at harvard.
I second the HUGE ego, very limited expertise, lack of concern for rigorous empirical methods, leaves out all data not supporting his (unfailingly alpha male) perspective. Get ready to hear some very dull and very questionable theories and that bring to mind eugenics and other behavioral science debacles.
his lectures were pretty interesting, though because of the nature of the course, very broad.  he is considered to be pretty conceited, and i hate to say it shows.
very boring. is there a point? or does he just like to hear his voice bounce off the walls? bring a pillow and get comfy. read all of his book and regurgitate it back and you'll excel
Teaches with passion. Brilliant
Very clear lecturer, but ENORMOUS ego. He walks around like he owns the place.
small man. big ego. he's not even a psychologist.
Very clear, good slides, funny stories. HOWEVER- He is on a crusade to lower the GPA of Harvard students- beware!Exams very difficult and tricky, section exams and readings are too many and too difficult for a core class.You'll end up knowing a lot though
this is the coolest lab. great people, really neat work, and lots of fun hanging out with hauser.
really cool prof.  incredible understanding of material. loves teaching.
A fun course, changed the way I look at things.  Hauser is on the anti-grade inflation committee, and exams are very difficult.  Cotton-top tamarins with spray-painted hair rule.
