He made CodingBat website. Its amazing how his efforts helped thousands of students taking computer science like the AP Computer Science to other college intro to CS (Java) courses. Also thanks to Stanford Professor Marty Stepp.
he's great
Really good at breaking down complex topics into its simple components.
Easy to pay attention to !
This class was awesome. A beginner like me that has never done anything further than facebook on a computer, Professor Nick was very clear and easy to listen to. I very much enjoyed the lectures and how easy it was to learn from such a great teacher. Thank you for all that you do
Nick Parlante is user-friednly!. He is a brilliant lecturer, funny, and easy to listen to. Has an incredible ability to present complex material in clear, concise, and engaging manner. My mind is blown!
Great professor! Explains rudimentary ideas slowly so that learning more complex ideas is easy. Such a joy to learn from.
Exceptional clarity and step-by-step teaching practice.
Great Instructor! Made the subject incredibly interesting and has a real passion for computers. I love his teaching style, its very adaptable and flexible enough to reach out to all types of learners. I highly recommend!
Makes the subject interesting. Energy comes through, even online. Nice to look at too.
He is awesome! He helped me cross the  mental barrier I had towards Computer Science and has created an interest in me for Programming. He is great! He is the Best! Thank you Sir!
I knew nothing when I started taking his courses online. He made everything crystal clear and everything seemed easier. He is perfect at what he does. I thank him with all my heart.
Look at this guy on youtube, very thorough and energetic. Makes complex topics simple. One of the best teachers you will EVER have.
I'm an Asian from and living in a non English speaking country and he could make me understand the whole concept, how cool is that?!
Took programming as career just because of him
Best CS Professor Ever. PERFECT
Nick is awesome! I took this Stanford course through Coursera.org.  His way of explaining computer science was crystal clear.  I enjoyed every lecture and feel like I took a lot away from the course!  Thanks Nick!
Excellent teacher! I never thought I will be able to understand Computer Science as it is. But now I do. Thank you Nick Parlante!
A great teacher that can explain the most difficult concepts in a very easy-to-understand way.
YOU ROCK!!! \m/ :D
