Best professor I have ever had. I cannot stress enough how amazing his lectures are, and he really cares to teach his students/ make sure they succeed. 1000% sure you should take him for any psych class he offers. A great professor but also a great human being in general.
By far the best professor I've ever had. He relates the class to his personal life to make the course material easy to understand. There are clicker quizzes everyday but half the time he will give you the answers to them and the other times the questions are common sense based on lecture. Also gives extra credit. Best PSY101 prof from many sources.
Professor Weaver is amazing! Really wants you to pass, works with you and gives plenty of room for extra credit. There was a group project this year that added about 25-30 points of extra credit (Easy A) but the exams were pretty tough. If you miss a lecture (there's attendance) then it's hard to understand the material. Take him if you get to!
Very enthusiastic during class. Encourages discussion and questions by giving poker chips for extra credit. This is the first semester where he's given group projects so they might change, but mine were easy. They added up to 30% of the grade but were quick and painless
AMAZING. He cares about his students a lot, his lectures are hilarious, and is down to the point on the content. There are clicker questions so don't plan on skipping. Exams are real-world situations, so make sure you spend your time applying the material. Practice exams are very useful, so use them. If my major req'd more PSY classes, I'd pick him
I love this professor! He's the reason I changed my major to Neuroscience--because I wanted to take more psychology! His grading is a little tough, with exams being worth the majority of your grade. However, if you pay attention to lectures and write down clicker questions, you should do fine! I really enjoyed this professor.
Print out the lecture slides and take notes on those. Everything you need to know is in them except for the occasional thing he asks you to look up in the book which there were probably only 3 of when I took it. He makes the class enjoyable even though it's long.
One of my favorite professors, he is a great lecturer, so funny, and teaches a great and interesting class. There are pop quizzes which can be tricky, but the exams are easy if you study. Textbook is not necessary, the class notes are very comprehensive. No mandatory attendance. Fairly easy papers. Extra credit available. Amazing class and teacher!
Dr. Weaver is an amazing lecturer, but his tests are very hard. Your whole grade is based off of 7 pop quizzes and 3 exams, and as a bad test taker, this has been hard for me. But he's a great guy and I would recommend his courses if you don't struggle with tests.
A funny and cool professor. He gives clicker questions but drops a reasonable amount of them as well as other assignments. He doesn't answer questions in class, but will in email quite promptly. He makes class fun and provides extra credit!
This professor does not answer questions. If you are a student who can just take notes and not ask questions to understand, you'll be fine. I need to ask questions to understand and he just ignores my arm up. Im a 4.0 student and not doing well at all. He doesn't typically teach social psych but this year he did and it wasn't a good experience.
He is so nice and made the class really interesting. This was one of my favorite classes I have ever taken.
Dr. Weaver is a great prof. I have had him for 2 classes now and I highly recommend. He is lecture heavy but they are not mandatory. He rarely if ever gives homework and the exams are pretty straight forward if you are someone who takes notes and pays somewhat of attention. Great dude. Highly recommend.
Favorite professor at MSU! Class is not too difficult if you attend and listen at the lectures and study hard for the exams. A lot of content but is very do-able. He is very personable and relates the lectures to everyday life so you can understand it. Take this class with him if you have the chance!
He is the best Professor I had so far. He is really good at teaching and makes the class interesting. The class is very manageable. Grading is super fare and you will get a 4.0 if you do everything and do decent on the exams. it requires a lot of studying but not too much. I would print the notes out before class and then write notes on them!
He cares about his students and their success, so the set up is clear and simple. This class requires a good amount of studying, memorizing, and practicing some applications; but there is no homework. Cramming is difficult, but possible. I highly recommend writing down things he says along side the powerpoint (already should be printed out).
He is honestly the best!! He gives his students so much leniency and extra credit. You can tell that he cares about his job and his students. This class is super easy as long as you go to the lectures and study. Its super interesting and he is super funny. If you take the class chances are that youll love him!!
I took this class because I had him in PSY 101 and he is so funny and a great professor. I found this class very challenging though, and wish I would have taken an easier ISS class for a GPA boost.
He is super nice and funny. Makes lectures fun and interactive.
Dr. Weaver is one of the best professors I've had at MSU. He gives great lectures that keep you engaged in the material. You do have to show up to class as there are clicker questions that count for participation points. You are almost better off not buying the textbook because it is only used for about 2-3 pages per chapter for a few questions.
