One of the most brilliant men I have had the honor of learning under. He can be hard work, but it pays off. I would never have been admitted to a PhD program without him.
He hasn't really done much to earn the title of "brilliant."  His lectures were well organized, but he relied on others to teach.  Publish?  Please.  Teach?  A little.  It seems he has been mailing it in since the 1996 Olympics.
Professor MacAloon is a smart man. Echoing others - he is quite arrogant. Significant reading load but doable. Didn't think the course was very difficult, but extremely useful in order to gain "perspective."
He's a hard ass and volatile to deal with. Especially if you show the slightest attitude. (Be deferential and you won't have any trouble.) On the other side, he's got something big to teach you: His lectures are absolutely inspired and will alter your view of the world some. And that's what you go to the U of Chicago for, he's well worth your time.
this man's teaching is amazing. his course was so important to understanding academia. those who have left negative comments about ego are most likely "that kid" types who were shut down. those there to learn will appreciate how he does not tolerate egomaniac students. his class was fascinating. also, great dry sense of humor.
An amazing prof
Great guy
It's nice to be reading Weber again, so I'm predisposed to having a favorable feeling about this class.  But really it is just fine.  MacAloon is really dedicated to giving us MAPSS students his full attention:  He memorized everyone's names and important info about us (there are like 180 of us!)and is really hands-on in the program.
Is really not a good lecturer. I wish he'd realize that relying upon one's lecture notes so heavily is not good teaching. He also needs to learn time management/when the class ends. I also wish he'd learn how to explain concepts more clearly.
this guy is so full of himself, he should not be teaching anymore.
The coursework is exceptionally important. This is one of the best courses I ever had.  It's hard to tell how great he is or how much the preceptors, texts, and collective interest of my classmates had to do with making this class special.
Regardless of whether he is brilliant or not, he is certainly presumptuous and rude.  But could certainly harm you if provoked. Regardless of status or brilliance, I find any incapacity to treat others with dignity as relevatory of some self esteem issue somewhere.  Tread lightly and with sagacity.
prof macaloon is one of the most captivating, brilliant, and remarkable teachers i have ever had..anyone who comments on his arrogance should know it is well warrented-the man has hundreds of webpages, is respected around the world, and i feel luck to have taken a class with him!
Guy is very full of himself, aggresive when questioned in any way -- and likes to gossip about other faculty in ways that are not appropriate IMHO.
bad
cool guy, very interesting and smart. those of you who complain ab/ his arrogance must not have spent much time in the university atmosphere...or in the world in general. a genuinely good guy who is often fascinating in class.  he sometimes speaks brashly, but anyone with social skills can realize he's joking. he will really make you think.
No Comments
I don't think I have to mention the ego. Yes, it's enormous, and mostly unwarranted. But he does have a (very dry) sense of humor, which makes some classes more bearable than others. Pay attention to your preceptors, do your readings, and you'll get a lot more out of his classes than his lecturing would permit.
Yes, there's an ego there, but you're at the UC, so what exactly are you expecting?  Guy studied under Victor Turner, so he knows his stuff.  Plus, if you take the time to get to know him, it's worth the investment.  Not the clearest lecturer always, uses that UC-speak (i.e., jargon-laden speech meant to confuse).  You get out what you put in.
amazing professor! his teaching is an experience. he's brilliant.
