I took Bio 173, a 2 credit lab, this semester and this class has taken more of my time than any of the other classes I am taking. The work required to get a decent grade in this class is ridiculous.
Absolutely terrible. Is unprepared for lectures and doesn't actually teach you any material- he reads off of a PDF with vague bare-minimum info and then tests you on specifics that you have to somehow find on your own. He held an exam review and someone asked what would be on the exam and he just goes: um, some questions about plants.
This class is out of 200 points. Completely GSI dependent, and some of them grade very harshly. The essays are tough but doable, if you go to office hours and make sure you ask your GSI what to include you should be okay. The presentations aren't bad, but the first one is graded much tougher. Get a hold of previous quizzes, they were very similar
This class is very GSI based. Marc is a terrible grader -- expects us to know things that were not covered in class, etc. If you get a good GSI, say hello to an easy A, but if not, work as hard as possible. The structure of the class is terrible -- too much work in the last two weeks and barely anything for the entire beginning of the semester.
I understand that a college lab is not supposed to be easy A+ for everybody who shows up. But this was wayyyyy too much work for a 2 credit intro bio lab. Essentially, there is 2-3 months of absolutely nothing, then you are slammed with a paper, presentation, and exam all in a week. Can't work on them earlier because you need to wait for the data.
Horrible, very disrespectful too. In "quiz review" he refused to give out practice questions / old quizzes and was snarky to students who were asking questions and didn't understand material
For a 2 credit lab class, Bio 173 is a lot of work. There are 2 papers, 2 group presentations and 2 tests. The material seems a bit too in-depth for a simple intro bio lab course. You will probably feel lost if you haven't taken or aren't currently taking 171&amp;172. He's a good prof (and is super helpful one-on-one) just a very tough grader.
2 presentations, 2 four page papers, 2 exams (midterm/final), prelabs (that are strictly graded). How is this a 2 credit class? The professor is fine, but he makes the GSIs grade strictly. I thought we did great on our presentation, but only got an 80%. They take pre lab points off too if you're not specific enough or don't have particular wording
He said there wouldnt be procedure questions of mol bio for quiz 1 but there were! They were questions about what we would throw out for PCR and column chromotagraphy.
The class is out of 200 points. The quizzes are extremely difficult and bombing one quiz makes it impossible for an A
Dr. Ammerlaan is a nice person, that much is clear. But the lectures are not clear. The "quizzes" are the worst. They really are more like exams. A lot of information not on notes or in the modules are put on the exam. It's all dependent on your GSI.
Not good. Doesn't tell you what to study for quizzes or give any practice ones. hope you have a nice GSI like i did.....
take with dif prof if you can...
Incredibly boring lecture where he reads off the canvas document. Class completely dependent on GSI. he occasionally gives answers to prelab/quiz in lecture so kinda helpful, but if you can get a friend to get those notes then dont go
Lectures are extremely boring and dull. Class is heavily dependent on the GSI which could be a good or bad thing.
Ive had him for 173 lab as well and it was fine. I was terrified of genetics but it really was not bad even as an accelerated class. I suggest reading not all the assigned sections before lecture. If you do that the concepts stick much better. (Tip: winter term genetics is brutal. Choose either summer or winter)
It's a bummer to see most of the reviews are from Bio 173, as that class, no matter whom you have for a prof is... less than fun. That said, MC Ammer is a great prof. He's fun, engaging, and rather pleasant, despite reading off of his lecture notes verbatim often. Exams are hard, but if you're good at multiple choice, you won't have any trouble.
Not impressed with him at all. Lab lecture became a waste of time by the end of the semester. His GSI's were never on the same page as him, and I would get two different answers for the same question between him and my GSI. Class is mostly based on your lab GSI, mine was awful
Super boring lecture, didn't go unless there was a quiz or paper to turn in. Labs themselves are taught by GSIs; I really liked my GSI and she made an effort to be accessible outside of class and was kind, caring, and made the labs the best they could be. Ammerlaan is not a great lecturer, doesn't add anything to the class.
Ammerlaan is a good man. he rearranged our quiz time when there was a shooting threat bc he didn't want us to feel nervous while taking the exam. He knows what he is talking about, and applies common themes from bio 171 and 172 in a way that makes sense in the lab. Projects and tests are kinda hard, but manageable. Overall good class.
