Pros: extra credit, not a lot of homework Cons: exams are EXTREMELY difficult, you have to read all three books or you will not pass, takes forever to put grades in, a lot of group work, and makes you do "peer grading" This class is not an easy A, if you do not show up to class, or do the readings you will not pass.
generally, a nice guy. he takes his work very seriously, and assigns A LOT of readings. he does offer a lot of extra credit, but you can't rely on this for your grade. exams and quizzes are extremely long and difficult with a lot of essay and fill in the blanks. if you dont do the readings, you WILL fail
He makes you work hard. You have to read at least six hours a week. You have an exam every few weeks. If you come to class, you'll pass. Tests are 50% of the reading. You get extra credit if you don't complain and come to class. His lectures are very interesting. I have never learned more from a class!
DO NOT TAKE CLASS, one of those professors that research so they need to teach a class as a requirement (aka not qualified). Gives a ton of extra credit to make up for bad grades but not enough to pass with more than a 2.5/3.0. Attendance taken on random class days and content taught in class is irrelevant to whats tested. TAKE ANY OTHER CLASS
Broman will tell you on the first day that this class will be a lot of work (especially the crazy amount of reading) and that by the middle of the semester you may hate him (I did) but you will definitely learn. If you have the option to avoid him as professor, TAKE IT. If you can't, just search for ISS335 on quizlet and pray for the best.
Very disappointing. Interesting general context but focuses entirely too much on arcane details from the 300+ pages of reading.
Heavy readings required in order to pass the class, which sometimes involves very irrelevant content. Tests are difficult &amp; based on irrelevant content such as data and tables that are good to know but are not essential for the class. Finally, there is a lot of content that students are required to memorize to the point where it becomes impossible.
Dr. Broman is a smart guy, but he makes this class so difficult. If you don't read every page assigned, there is no way that you'll pass.
He is a nice guy but his exams are impossible. He wants you to read VERY long chapters and tests you on small, insignificant details from them that are impossible to recall. He gives out a lot of extra credit, which is the only reason a decent grade was somewhat obtainable for me.
Ah, Broman... Infamous and he knows it. Literally does not care either. I didn't mind sitting through lectures, but he doesn't give enough information for you to study for his ridiculously hard exams. He tells you to memorize statistics, but doesn't tell you which ones. He tests heavy on textbook reading and doesn't post grades.
Broman seems to put his feelings and opinions over those of the students. His tests barely cover the 300+ pages of reading, and when students are upset with the results (first exam average was a 54) he ignores our concerns and just throws extra credit our way to make up for it. This class was far harder than it should have been due to him.
He seems right away that his class will be awful, but slowly removes assignments and makes the work more manageable. There is a group presentation but it isn't so bad. Very hard exams based on textbook readings but he gives TONS of extra credit to make up for it.
Broman's class is ludicrously difficult. More time is spent reading the 3 books he assigns and studying for his extremely difficult exams than my other 4 classes put together. Avoid him at all costs. The only positive of him is he provides mass amounts of EC. He claims only 10-15% of students achieve an A.
I am pursuing a business degree here at MSU. I was put into this class by my advisor just to fit my schedule. Please do not take this class if you do not have to, I'm serious. This man makes you read so many pages of his 3 books that are required... the tests are absolutely brutal there is no other way to describe them. stay away...
I DO NOT recommend this professor. The amount of reading he assigns will take up most of your time so be ready to really read. During class the lectures are jam packed with information you need to know and he goes through it pretty fast so note taking is hard. The stress from this class is not worth it, find something else if you can!
His tests are impossible to do well on. He assigns 300+ pages to read before an exam. Then when you are taking the exam you realize a lot of the material 1) wasnt in the reading 2) not talked about in class. So where is are we supposed to get this information. Would not recommend.
Broman is a great guy but unfortunately not as great of a prof. He gives elaborate, real-world examples to explain his ridiculously-long PowerPoints. He offers plenty of extra credit to those who frequently attend class and complete certain worksheets. The pop quizzes are awful. The WORST part of soc is the exams- so hard and never what you study.
Hardest class I have ever taken. Never doing that same mistake again. Dropped my overall GPA from a 2.8 to 2.1.  Would not recommend.
This is not a blow off class. However, if you're mentally present, it will completely change your outlook on life in general. he packs so much information into this class, but it is all so important. one of the most beneficial classes I took in my college career.
Told us we have a quiz just two days in advance, and the quiz ended up being over 250 pages of textbook material, and was a 60 question true/false quiz. Very frustrating class.
