His lectures are extremely interesting but get ready to study for his exams which are really really hard. There is one paper to write, which he is extremely critical while grading. Get ready to work but you learn A LOT in his class.
my retention of material from first semester cf1 is amazing- still thinking and applying what i learned in his class now
You pay your tuition for people like him. I took him two years in a row initially almost receiving a D, wanted to prove myself and ended up getting an A the second time. He challenges you, forces you to develop your thoughts, knows how to get you to do that based on how you learn. Participating in class discussion helps more than reading everything
reynolds approaches cultural foundations unlike most profs. he is politically woke, witty, and knows how to pull information out of his students versus just lecturing at them. still thinking about the things i learned in his class today! one of the most intelligent people you will meet ever
is he a super easy grader? no. but when you get an A, youll know you really deserved and earned it. encourages group collaboration and participation. i loved his class so much that i plan to take him again for cf3! organized, passionate, hilarious, brilliant. nothing but good things to say about him!
just wow. full of passion about what he is teaching, very dynamic and engaging, and makes his grading process very clear. he can seem a little intimidating at first but is honestly funny, eloquent, and helpful. really knows how to take command of a classroom but can also be a wonderful listener and encourages discussion.
just amazing. learned more in his class than all my other classes combined, honestly. am still thinking about the things i learned- would highly recommend
If you do not understand something from the class, the guy will get mad at you. Definitely makes people feel bad for giving wrong answers. Very difficult class and assigns lots of homework with hard readings. If he just doesn't like you, expect a bad grade regardless of how hard you work for it. Learning material that no other class is learning.
this semester i didn't miss a single one of reynold's- absolutely amazing professor
probably one of the best professors I've ever had! energetic, engaging, brilliant. definitely take his class if you have the chance.
TAKE REYNOLDS. I am blown away after every single class- he is one the most intelligent people you will ever meet and my favorite professor this semester. He is able to articulately synthesize huge, earth shattering concepts with respect to both detail and overarching aesthetic themes. Funny, energetic, engaging. Am definitely taking him again!
Definitely not an "easy" class, but so worth it; he is one of the most intelligent people I've ever met and his personality and lectures are fantastic.  The material is very interesting, and he makes it even more so.  If you listen while he's talking, do the reading/semi-thoroughly skim, and talk at least once per class, you're golden.
Absolutely amazing.
This guy is super smart and a great lecturer. He demands active participation and unless you connect personally with him, like his love of Massive Attack, prepare to work VERY hard because he is a downright brutal grader.    If you want a challenge, take his class. If you want an easy grade, run for the exit.
Best teacher I ever had. Learn from him if you have the chance.
This class changed my life and that's not an exaggeration. Yes, it's difficult. Yes, it's a lot of work. But I've found myself continuing to think about what I learned in this course and using the knowledge I gained in other courses and aspects of my life. It will challenge you and change your entire worldview, for the better. Incredible professor.
Though many LSP classes are a joke, this class is one of the most intellectually demanding I've ever taken. Some of the texts are extremely challenging, but very interesting. I don't think he expects anyone to fully understand all the material, but as someone else said, this was the first class I took that felt college level rather than high school
The most amazing class I have ever taken, at NYU or otherwise. Professor Reynolds forced me to make connections and push myself intellectually in a way that I never have before. The class is very difficult, but if you put adequate effort in, you will go places academically that you never though you could. Improved me as a writer, reader &amp; student.
Had him a couple years ago as a sophomore &amp; I wish I could retake his class. Recently found my notes from this class &amp; I remember not understanding anything but now it all makes so much more sense. Def has high expectations for his students. But one of the best classes I've ever taken. So wish I could take him again.
The dude is well structured and dedicated to teaching his student. Would recommend if you want to be challenged intellectually.
