Dr. Tag's love of biology is obvious as he's a "self-professed nerd". He isn't only passionate about the subject, but he is passionate about teaching, which can't be said for most professors in the science department who just want to be able to research. He tells great dad jokes and makes the subject interesting enough. The lab is very hard though.
Let me start off by saying I was advised me to take tag because he was a good professor. I respectfully disagree hes teaching skills are terrible, his exams a ridiculous difficult in comparison to other professors. I honestly regret taking his class. Honestly youre better off taking Hawkins or someone else. P.S the lab in this class is ridiculous
Dr. Tag is definitely the prof you need to take for Bio 111. He does go through slides pretty fast but he's interesting to listen to. My biggest advice is BUY AN A-PLUS SEASON PASS! It was the BEST way to study for this class. Tag's class is hard but he's approachable and gives LC as extra credit so try not to skip class often!
Be ready to study if you take Tag. You definitely have to work for a decent grade. He gives some extra credit and I would not recommend skipping class. He goes over slides in class extremely fast but does post them. Homework isn't too heavy and S.I. sessions help a ton!! Tests aren't easy but if you study, you should be fine.
Dr. Tag is a great choice for biology 111. I will be taking him for 112 as well. This was not an easy class and you definitely have to work for it, but getting an A is not impossible. If I am being honest, I never read the textbook and just went to A+ tutoring and got a season pass. I just studied that stuff and got an A in the class.
Dr. Tag is an awesome prof. Definitely not an easy course, but he tries to make it enjoyable. He posts practice exams that look similar to the test and uses learning catalytics as a way to earn points so def go to class. Homework is very easy. About 8-10 question on a problem assigned each week.
Dr. Tag was a decent prof. This class is not easy but he is very knowledgeable. He definitely holds you accountable for listening to his lectures, attending class, and putting in outside work- he doesn't make it easy. Although I am not taking him again for BIO 112 he is not a bad professor and I would not mind taking him again if necessary.
His tests are not easy by any means, be ready to study and go to every SI available.
Fantastic. Already registered for the next class with Dr. Tag! Very engaging, and cares about his students. Uses in-class questions (LC) for bonus points and posts his slides after each lecture.
Dr. Tag is extremely passionate about Biology and it shows in lecture. As long as you dont cram for tests there is no reason you shouldnt get an A.
He genuinely loves and knows what hes teaching, which makes the lectures easier to bear.
Dr. Tag is a fantastic professor, I am honestly surprised that his scores from others do not reflect this. I took him for 101 and 102, and my only regret is that I cannot take him for any other courses. While he doesn't just give you an A, he doesn't make it overly difficult. He also makes time during office hours to help. Trust me, take Tag!
Love Tag!! His lectures are amazing and actually keep your attention. Im switching majors, but if I wasnt I would take him again! Super sweet guy with lots of extra credit and easy homework. Study for tests though! Especially the study guides he puts online.
Does a lot of extra credit opportunities with learning catalytics, but make sure you show up to class because they're random. I didn't find him very funny, but some people do. He basically just reads off of the powerpoints which come straight from the book, so if you read the chapters you'll do fine on the exams. They're straight from the test bank
Dr. Tag really enjoys what he's teaching and makes his lectures interesting. He does iClicker questions and extra credit in class so make sure you show up. Tests are based a lot off of lecture and the book, but the slides are online. He explains things in a way that's easy to understand, but its a lot of information so study hard.
I had Dr. Tag for BIOL 111/112. He is passionate about what he teaches and is willing to help you learn outside of class. I would take him again in 111 for sure, I had him for his first time teaching 112 and he was still great, just less prepared. Ask good questions, do your homework and study hard over lecture material for tests. I recommend!
Dr. Tag is a great professor and his exams are very fair. He's easy to talk to and willing to work with you. You really have to beware of the lab attached to 111, it can make or break your grade. I had an A in lecture but lab brought my grade down to a C because of my TA being one of the difficult ones.
Dr. Tag is very knowledgeable professor who loves teaching Biology. His tests are straight from his power points which he posts online. Only thing is that there are only HW and test grades in the class so you must do well on the test. Easy B and getting a A takes memorizing the entire slides he posts
Dr. Tag is clearly extremely knowledgeable in his field. He lectures cover everything on the test but be prepared to study. I studied 5x more for the lab in this class than I did for the tests. The lab is what makes this class difficult, otherwise, it was much easier than Bio 111. Honestly, prepare every week for lab and you will get an A.
I had Dr. Tag for both 111 and 112. He never tests on stuff he doesn't go over in lecture. Basically, if you read the textbook, you'll be fine. Andrew is super nice, and his lectures are enjoyable. He has a good sense of humor which makes lectures fun. BIOL 111 was super easy compared to 112, but I would definitely recommend Tag.
