Very sweet guy but often gets off topic and runs over time to go over all the information that is on the test. Also, be aware that you'll have to take pop quizzes which can be pretty tough so always be prepared.
I love this guy. He is my favorite BYU professor. He remembered me after my mission and where I even went. He truly cares and wants you to succeed. I loved the class and felt spiritually edified after each one. If you read the stuff and do the study guides, you will do well. He is seriously the sweetest man alive and makes you feel so special.
He is the coolest guy. He really loves what he does and loves his students. You need to read daily and attendance is for credit. He does a few pop quizzes, but they are not too difficult. He gives you a study guide which is tough to fill out, but if you do the tests are pretty easy and online.
Knows a ton about the New Testament. Gives specific study guides that are just like the tests (if you memorize them, you're good to go). Grades papers very graciously. Sweet sweet man.
Bro Wilson is one of my favorite teachers at BYU because he focuses on the importance of the BoM instead of the little details. He is extremely reasonable and would remove any questions from the tests if the topics were not discussed in class. Helpful study guides, few and simple assignments, and amazing lectures that grew my testimony.
Bro Wilson is loving and has some interesting lectures, but his exams are insane. He gets distracted for half the class and then rushes through the slides. Exam questions were often very hard and very specific. You also have to read A LOT between the assigned readings and the supplemental text. I love Bro Wilson, but wouldn't take him again.
His entire structure for teaching is wack. He will trail off during all of class time, then blaze through his power point notes in like half a second at the end and expect you to be an expert on what he "just covered", then test you on all of it. Waste of mandatory class time. Plus tests are way too specific on super small things that don't matter.
I love Brother Wilson! He is a very genuine person who cares for his students and their needs. He has a desire for his students to succeed and will help you if you go to him. I didn't always do the readings and therefor was just short of an A, but if you do the assigned readings then it is not hard to do well.
He knows a lot about what he's teaching, but he gets easily distracted. The pop quizzes can be really difficult because a question will often come from some random quote out of 30 in recent lectures. There is a lot of reading but that's understandable. Occasionally a class will slip into story time and it can be really hard to pay attention.
Bro. Wilson is great. He cares about his students' success and is more than willing to work with you. He has interesting stories and the Spirit was strong during class. Attendance and daily reading are graded. Gives occasional papers, but they're easy. If you take good notes, you will do well on the exams.
Don't listen to anybody else's negative comments, Brother Wilson is unreal. He is so relaxed when it comes to turning in assignments. Of course he wants you to turn them in on time, but if you don't he always accepts them. I loved him mostly because he just cares that you leave the class with a deeper love for the New Testament. One of my favorites
Bro Wilson is funny and his lectures are entertaining but there is a quiz every class, a ton of reading, and his tests are ridiculous. Having the entire NT memorized isn't enough, you have to take word for word notes on his lectures and he's super weird about not letting you post the study guide online.
Dr. Wilson is by far my favorite religion teacher. He is so generous with points that you stop stressing about your grades after the first class. I love his lectures, they will actually keep you interested. Learned so much from his New Testament class and wish I could take him for all my religion classes! This guy is the man!
I love Dr Wilson! He is SUCH a great religion teacher. I loved his class. He really known his stuff well, but makes it all so easy to understand. He is a really easy grader. Small assignments outside of class and a few quizzes in class.
Genuinely cares about his students. Nice man. Pop quizzes just about every other week. The essays are really easy- your feelings and personal experiences. The tests cover extremely specific information, although he does provide you with a study guide. If you have the entire Bible memorized it will be an easy A for you!
Brother Wilson is a solid guy. Really enjoyed parts of his class. He gets distracted easily and isn't clear about what we should be taking notes on. Study guides are no help to study for the test. Classes are okay but not fantastic. Tests are terrible unless you have the entire BOM memorized verse for verse.
Bro. Wilson is a great guy and has wonderful lectures. His tests, on the other hand, are very focused on his opinion and very specific to what he teaches. As long as you work on the study guides and go to class, you'll be fine. A couple short papers throughout the semester, but this class was enjoyable and an easy A.
I also took Religion 121A with Wilson and I enjoyed both classes. His lectures are great and his assignments are not difficult. Some of his test questions are poorly written but if you talk to him about them he usually will give you points back as long as you show that you understand the topics.
Great professor. He loves to teach and is super excited about the gospel. He really cares about his students and wants them to succeed. I highly recommend Brother Wilson :)
Professor Wilson is a great teacher and shows passion about what teaches. He is humble and open to your questions that you may have. He likes to work with you and help with your grade. It requires a lot of notes for tests but the class is fun to be part of! Every class is understandable and spiritual. I'm deaf so he works well with anyone.
