Sanderson is absolutely hilarious and really interesting.
Amazing caring professor
One of the best Econ instructor I have met so far
Basically you'll do well in the class only if you spit his opinion of things back to him.
I took the summer session micro and macro course which was condensed into 5 weeks. Was super tough but hard work paid off.
Greatest guy ever, he has the heart of gold.
Just do all the readings and pay attention to his lectures. The book will give you an understanding of the concepts and the lessons will consist of a brief, superficial overview of the concepts. 80% of his class is basically applying what you read to a real-life situation.
I took his summer Macro class a high school student and it was the best best class I have taken. He was the only reason I applied to UChicago so I could take his class again. I would have change my intended major from ChemE, which UChicago doesn't have, to Econ just because of how great he is. Anyone who said anything bad about him is too liberal.
One of the best professors in the school. Hilarious, engaging, commands the room. Exactly what a good professor should be.
Took for both macro and micro. One of the best ever.  Always highly accessible outside of class for extra help and academic curiosity.  Won the Quantrell Award as best undergrad prof. and deserved it.
A good prof, very helpful in his hours
Sanderson is an amazing teacher who really knows his stuff! The only thing one needs to do in order to be successful in this class is show up in class, read the book and listen to the lectures.
A hilarious man who is sometimes misunderstood. The bottom line is that he knows his Economics, is extremely helpful outside of class, and just might be the biggest troll East of the Mississippi.
Professor Sanderson seems to be a pretty polarizing guy, but I appreciated his snarkiness in lectures.
Very good professor who teaches students how to think as an economist would. Clearly it is an intro class and so can't expect much depth in the subject.
Sanderson is dry, but some of the topics he covers are interesting- will "tell it how it is"...show up for class (ask the people who got 10 out of 42 on the first exam if they should've went). You can get a B+ in this class fairly easily just read, go to class, and take notes. NOTE: Do not take at 9 AM M/W, you will fall asleep
Knows his stuff. Not for everybody. A lot of students go in expecting a sympathetic liberal view of the world. Newsflash: It's an econ course. He teaches theory and application, not value judgments. If you're not comfortable with somebody not qualifying things with "this may sound horrible, BUT" then look elsewhere.
Snarky and pretty smart. Occasionally went off on odd tangents, but not too bad.
Tests are about 30% subjective and he is indoctrinating and presumptuous. The material was the only thing that made the class bearable.
He is truly engaging. He makes it all interesting. You must take his class if you want to know the essence of Chicago Economics.
