Average
The most energy I have ever seen a professor put into teaching in my 4 years at the university. Very accessible.
He's an extremely helpful and approachable professor.  The material isn't always easy but you won;t have too hard of a time if you visit him during office hours.  I would say he's not as difficult as people say he is.  You just need to ask for a lot of help which some people aren't comfortable doing.
too old to be teaching. teaches regular physics at an honors level. This is not helpful for people that aren't really really good at physics
Prof. Abella teaches a very rewarding E&amp;M course. He presents advanced mathematical framework in E&amp;M whenever possible. He also holds his students to very high standards on homework, attendance, and participation (a very good thing).
Isaac Abella is nothing short of an extraordinary teacher.  His lectures are clear, explaining the material in an organized manner that leads from one topic to another with a fair amount of fluidity.  I took his Honors E&amp;M class(142) and while the problems were very difficult, they were certainly fair and we were well-prepared.
Dr. Abella was THE BEST professor I had in college. Not only did he love the material he taught, he was a socially conscious man who cared deeply about helping undergrads understand their place in both academics and society at large. I miss my talks with Dr. Abella and I hope he is still doing the same for other young students.
I had him for my Freshman Physics class back in 1984 and he is the one who got me interested in becoming a physics major.  I loved his enthusiasm and teaching style.  I ended up getting my PhD in Physics because I had such a good experience.
I went to his office hours and found him very helpful, even though I was over my head in his course.  His course was difficult, but he did his best to make everything clear.  He strikes me as a man with a conscience, someone who cares about students and about making a positive impact on the world through his teaching.  Fine, but still, I got a C!
Fairly easy, but just not a very interesting or helpful teacher. Not worth going to class.
No Comments
Abella is the sweetest man in the world!
Excellent professor.
quirky and challenging; best out of three physics professors ive had at u of c
Excellent professor.
His board notes may be all over the place, but he's brilliant.
No Comments
No Comments
abella's great-- he's a lot of fun to watch, and he's always friendly and helpful-- although i've heard that people don't like him, i really can't see why...
No Comments
