Ernie is tough, I like his personality. I like him. But him as a teacher is super rough. In this Latin American cinema class he made it super obvious how poorly he felt about US culture in comparison to LA culture. This was a huge turnoff, especially as a American student. I did learn lot in this class and enjoyed the content....
I personally think he is a great professor. If you walk in late however, he will stop talking and stare and you. There are only tests to grade you and he does have some really random questions, like "Who is the editor of the movie Jaws." PAY ATTENTION and TAKE GOOD NOTES on EVERYTHING that comes out of his mouth. Strict on the outside, nice inside.
I read the other reviews on here and thought that I would hate Ernesto, but his class was by far the best I've had at CU. He can be rude, but that's part of his sense of humor and he makes the material so interesting. His tests are also super easy if you pay attention and go to class. I would highly recommend taking anything that he's teaching.
Hard, but fair. Knows a great deal about film. Favorite film is the Little Mermaid.
Not a cool guy. Ernesto is an arrogant man who puts his students on a level below him. He refuses to be wrong, and will say things to piss you off. The tests aren't hard, but they're tricky: you have to memorize a random crew member from each film you watch. Overall, the class was ok, but Ernesto was unbearable.
Ernesto is an awesome professor; he is funny, engaging, and makes the material enjoyable. But, HIS CLASS SUCKS AND YOU SHOULD AVOID IT. Why?  He does not use D2L so you have to guess as to what your grade is. Quizzes and tests are extremely difficult because the questions are extremely subjective and obscure. Almost impossible to get an A.
Professor Acevedo-Muñoz scared me at the start. He doesn't allow phones at all, and doesn't like students who go think they know more than him when it comes to film. But as time goes on, you realize he's just tough to start to weed out people who aren't serious about film. Go to class, pay attention, and you'll be fine. In the end, great professor.
Ernesto is amazing!  You would be so lucky to have him as a professor for any film class.  He will make sure to get to know your last name, so GO TO CLASS.  He lays out everything you need to know for his class so, if you go to class and take good notes, you will do well.
It is sad to see educators today who don't know what the word "education" means. Ernesto was my least favorite professor this semester because of his lack of knowledge on the subject and disregard for feedback or student progress. His tests are terribly structured in subjective essay grading where he expects students to guess what he is asking for.
Hilarious and really explains the material thoroughly. Reading the book is only necessary for the first two quizzes. GO TO CLASS! He had 3 pop quizzes this semester in order to reward the kids who go to lecture. No matter how big the lecture, he will know your name &amp; know if you dont come to class!
By far my favorite professor at CU. He comes off as arrogant, but once you get to know him he's an extremely nice and funny guy. He keeps lectures interesting and i never got bored. As long as you attend class, you dont need to read the book at all. No matter how big the class is, he will know your name, so i recommend going to class
Ernesto was one of my top five teachers at CU. I started off disliking him immensely because his jokes are often rude and his opinion is fact. But by the end of the semester, I had a new and deep appreciation for film. I learned so much in his class because he demanded so much from his students-you have to pay attention and can't help but learn!
He knows his stuff. He's the best professor I've ever had.
he is extremely funny and he know what he is talking about. any hard headed people should not take this class because  his opinion is a fact in his world. But his class is definitely worth taking.
He knows what he's doing.
Not sure what the class #s were when I took them.  All I can say is that Ernesto opened my eyes to more things than any teacher or professor in my education.  Ernesto is the reason to be in the Film Program.  The reason to go to CU for Film if you choose too. He is honestly one of 2 teachers in my life that shaped my world view.
This guy is the real deal.
He is the best at CU.
Often presents personal opinion as fact. He has a good sense of humor (mostly) and teaches you what you need to know if you go to his class. He does think very highly of himself, but if you can filter that, his class can be enjoyable.
This guy was hilarious. Class is really easy if you just memorize the info on his power point presentations...most of this stuff is on the test so take notes. Also, pop quizzes come up every now and then. Just show up...come on it's film class. Really funny guy though.
