Dr. Steven Roberts' lectures were phenomenal. Not only were they very entertaining (by far the most enjoyable lectures I've had), but they also beautifully connected the material to the real world. He was also incredibly flexible when it came to meeting outside of class, and he stayed after every single lecture to answer questions. Take his class.
A wonderful teacher, definitely the best professor and class Ive had so far at Stanford. Really cares about all his students and wants them to take something significant / meaningful away from his class.
Steven is an exceptional mentor, professor, and individual. The amount of dedication and effort he puts into setting up a inclusive and engaging environment for his students is astounding. Definitely recommend taking a class with him or even just getting to know him :)
Professor Roberts is quite possible the best teacher I could have in my first quarter at Stanford. Going into the class, I was worried I would be overwhelmed by the serious topic of racism. His lectures and the discussions he leads get the whole class engaged and creates an atmosphere in which everyone can share their opinions and learn. Amazing!!!
Genuinely a great guy. Bless up.
This course is a must take! It will change your perspective on race, racism, and yourself. The class is discussion based and participation is mandatory! The more that you put in to discussion, the more you will get out of it. Sections are always interesting and the work load is very manageable. Highly recommend taking a class with this professor!!
Steven Roberts is an AMAZING professor and really dedicates his time into making this class the most informative experience that it can be. This class truly opens your eyes to the intricacies of building racism in America and definitely recommend it to all people. Amazing class and don't miss out on a chance to take from him!
Professor Roberts makes an incredibly important and difficult subject approachable and powerful. Take this class if you care at all about your role in a racial hierarchy no matter your skin tone. These are the most important lessons you can learn in college and beyond.
Great introductory race class from a professor who clearly cares about the subject matter. Definitely recommend.
Steven is an absolutely amazing professor. Every day he pushed me to reconsider what I thought I knew about race and racism, and upon finishing his class, I feel more prepared to take on the world around me. I would recommend him and his class to anyone. Thank you, Steven!!!
Amazing class, amazing environment.
Amazing course! I learned so much, and Steven is an incredible professor who genuinely cares about his students learning. The class itself is a space that welcomes vulnerability and genuine discussion about highly relevant issues regarding race, racial identity, and discrimination. I'd take this course again if I could.
Professor Roberts really makes this course what it is. The passion and level of organization put into this class deserves way more recognition. It's a great class that expanded my intellectual curiosity. Switched my PWR to take it. Don't regret it one bit.
Amazing guy! Super invested in his students and what they take away from the class. Have a blast!
Steven is so far the best professor I've had at Stanford. He truly cares about the class and the well-being of his students. You'll learn so many life lessons in HTMAR, plus make great friends! He gives great feedback, challenges your beliefs, and is always willing to help. 100% recommend taking this class and any other class that he teaches.
Professor Roberts is the best professor I have ever had. I learned more than I ever could have imagined, both about myself, and my peers. He's an extremely caring and compassionate person, who was always there for me when I needed a bit of extra help. He is truly one of the best people I have ever met, as well as the best professor.
This is my favorite class all-time. I learn so much and the professor was really good at making an open class environment where we could share and learn from each other. The class was so relevant to life today, and I learned so much about the world that I live in. If you have a chance, don't pass up taking this class!
Really great professor.
Wonderful professor who makes his classes relevant and engaging to the world we live in today, brings a great energy to the classroom and truly wants to hear students' perspectives on the topic rather than just lecturing at you
Very personable, understanding, open, and engaging
