He's an absolute genius and an absolute hero. Honest, funny and incredibly inspiring. Theo, truly brings to life the most difficult texts. Never did I think I would be excited to spend three and a half hours discussing the Divine Comedy.
I took a writing class from him at Berkeley in 1984. He changed my life. More than a professor he is a teacher. Most professors assume you are able to write, but he makes sure that if you were not a writer when you came into his class you were when you left.
Probably the best professor I have ever had. Complete genius, a stellar lecturer, very entertaining, very nice, and an amazing interpreter of the texts. I, too, took his “Reality, Desire, and the Epic Form” class this summer, where we read the “Odyssey,” Dante’s “Commedia,” and Joyce’s “Ulysses.” Learned so much! More than recommend this guy.
I took his Summer Class on Reality, Desire and the Epic form and it was great! I highly recommend this class!
He's the best! I would take any class he teaches, because he knows more than any other lit prof, and he's so much fun. He's also very encouraging to students in whatever they want to write about -- it's freeing and creative.
I took the Epic Form with Prof Theo 9 years ago - I will never forget those classes. He is brilliant and inspiriational. Great translator too - check out his trans of Cavafy.
I 'heart' Prof. Theoharis.  Brilliant, brilliant, and...did I say brilliant?  He's one of the best professors I've ever had at Harvard (I've taken 20+ classes).
Phenomenal teacher!
I've had Theoharis twice, for Epic Form and a new course he did last fall on Sacred Violence in the American Novel. Truly a great teacher, adviser, friend and human being. Never turn down an opportunity to take one of his classes, you may discover a passion you had no idea was there.
Nimbly follows discussion wherever it may lead.  Genuinely welcomes input and ideas about texts.  Unusual combination of detailed knowledge and visceral accessibility (usually you only get one of the above!) Inspiring, made me want to read &amp; talk more &amp; more and the sea, crimson sometimes like fire . . .
Theoharis C. Theoharis is, by far, one of the most incredible teachers I have ever had.  He is engaging, interested, learned, and very willing to meet out of class to talk for hours on any subject.  He has become one of my personal heroes.  At any moments time he may burst out in a Tosca operetta, or give a Shakespearean monologue to perfection.
Very arrogant and very informative teaching - great energy in the classroom.  You will learn.
Of all the professors I have ever had, Theo is hands down the most interesting and knowledgeable.  His classes were fun and he was always excited to be teaching our class the material he knows best.  Definitely worth taking...
Categorically, a most engaging and thorough specimen. Not merely a man, but an absolute mantis of Joyce's Ulysses.  Ask him about Nietzsche.  Theo, will you marry us?
He is an absolute bore. He is far to concerned with trying to impress you rather than teach you. Avoid this class.
The best professor and best class I ever took.  He's also very hot.
An amazing lecturer.  For 2.5 hours, he kept my interest and seemed genuinely excited about the material.  Knows many languages, cultural references, and is just plain hot to look at it.  Well worth the time, one of the best classes I have ever taken.
No Comments
