I love Matt Ruben. He is so funny and caring and is always available to help. take his classes!!!!!!
Ruben is fantastic! I have him for the Poverty and Affluence ESEM, which is the best class I've taken yet. He's very engaged with students, incredibly knowledgable about his subject, and gives helpful and constructive feedback. He's also hilarious and class discussions with him are always enjoyable, especially since the readings are so interesting.
Matt is honestly the best professor I've had during my time at Bryn Mawr.  I had him for his American Poverty &amp; Affluence Esem, and it was by far my most interesting class. He's a tough but fair grader, and he gives plenty of feedback on your paper drafts.  He worked a lot with me because I had personal problems during his class, wish I did better.
PROFESSOR RUBEN IS SIMPLY AWESOME! OUTSTANDING PROFESSOR!
A really understanding professor. It was definitely a class I looked forward to. Readings were also quite enjoyable.
I loved this class and Prof. Ruben. He cares so much about his students and clearly wants you to succeed. I never found any of the assignments too hard at all, the workload was very manageable. He likes discussion, whether it's about the homework or not. He wants to make the class laugh. I'll jump at the chance to take a class with him again.
Matt is a helpful and inspiring professor. He listens to students' ideas and leads good discussions in class. The readings materials are also very selective and informative. AND, he is smart and fun and one of the best prof ever!
"Poverty, Affluence, and American Culture" is one of the sections for ESEM, BMC's required writing class for all first yeartransfer students.  It was my favorite class. The readings were amazing and the seminar was primarily student directed. Ruben gives constructive feedback and is incredibly supportive both academically and on a human level.
Matt Ruben for president!
I took Prof Ruben's ESEM, Poverty, Affluence, and American Culture. It was my favorite class. The readings were interesting and class was largely discussion based. Prof Ruben gives good feedback on assignments and really cares about his students. I had trouble at the beginning of the semester and he helped me work things out and get back on track.
matt is funny, nice, and has confidence in everyone. i'm in his writing sem, a kinder way of saying "remedial academic writing" - i'm a creative writer. his notes on drafts are ridiculously helpful, and meeting with him or workshopping in class always sparks new ideas. he truly believes we can write well, and teaches simple ways to get  us there.
Great readings, great professor.  One of the best I've ever encountered...and you'll learn a lot too. Take this class!
I have my ESEM Poverty, Affluence and American Culture with him. HE IS SO GREAT. He is quite sarcastic and has a sense of humor which makes his class so interesting and fun to be in. Such a nice and sympathy person. Very clear about what he wants you to do in your paper. Very helpful when discussing the drafts in general. I LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM.
An excellent professor who facilitates class discussions well, has a sense of humor, and is respectful. His feedback on writing was thorough and helpful. Class in interesting through use of a variety of media types.
Wonderful professor. Thoughtful, kind, and very entertaining. Creates a great classroom atmosphere.
Professor Ruben is a respectful, thoughtful and engaging person who is passionate about his work.  His criticisms of my writing were some of the most helpful I've ever received.  Classes are lively and discussion-based.  You will never want to miss class.
prof. ruben is a great professor and a cool guy. he makes his expectations clear, and class discussions are always really interesting. i really recommend his seminar on culture/poverty!
Matt is a great teacher. Our class (intro to writitng, with a focus on Poverty in the U.S.) was very discussion-based. He likes to hear people talk a lot in class. Not too hard a grader, and his feedback is very helpful (especially during tutorials). His class really opened my eyes to something I knew very little about. I recommend him!
