I took the Python classes on Amazon/video. When i started I knew absolutly nothing about programing and or computers, I was totaly green, but with his lectures has made it so easy that i keep wondering where was I yesterday. Kudos ! an exceptional teacher, Humble and to the point. Thank you. i'm going to continue with the rest of his classes too.
Taking his course on coursera -- I should have gone to Michigan; he is the most clear, engaging, and thoughtful professor, and I get all that from an ELECTRONIC course/MOOC
very nice
I took his course on Coursera.
Amazing Dr Chuck!
OMG - best professor I've ever had for a MOOC. So many prestigious universities have very very very subpar MOOC courses, scripted boring content, etc. Dr. Chuck rocked this thing - like - rocked so hard that I would take every course he offers. I'm super excited that he is involved in the web design course I'm about to take. GREAT JOB DR. CHUCK
One of the terrific teachers I have come across as a student over the last 50 years. I took his course on Python programming and he taught the course so well that it sunk in quickly even for me.
Gifted teacher, excellent lecturer, one of the best I have ever had
ok
Dr Chuck is a rare combination. Someone who intimately understands the subjects he teaches, and has the ability to communicate and explain difficult concepts in a way that doesn't assume lots of prior knowledge but also doesn't dumb down the material. It's obvious he enjoys teaching and that in turn makes we want to learn more
Great professor.. Makes even difficult topics seem like cakewalk
I think Dr. Chuck is a very good professor, because he obviously is genuinely interested in transferring knowledge to the students and at the same time is proficient in what he is doing.
Made me feel like he was really personally invested in me learning the subject, even though I was taking a MOOC and never met him. Inspirational person and a true educator at heart.
Professor Severance has the rare gift of talking to the students. In other words he teaches as though he was talking to you as a friend, or peer. As a student you know the instructor has a mastery of what he/she teaches. Being a former military instructor I have seen this trait rarely, and only the best of the best have the trait.
Makes subject pretty interesting
One of the best professors I have every taken that I never met in person.
Dr. Chuck gives really really amazing lectures that make everything clear and well-organized.
he is a very good teacher!
he teaches programming in an interesting way.
Prof is great
