Biggers is a great teacher, he is so full of knowledge he sometimes gets lost in his words though. He is retiring after this semester, and myself along with many others students will miss him dearly. Such a precious teacher. Best of wishes to him!
His lectures sometimes go in circles, but if you just stick with him then he usually wraps up his example. You will not use the textbook!! You will use the Great Minds book. He also tells you that his lecture notes are optional, BUY THEM!! There is no way that I could have made it through the class without them. He only uses the notes to teach.
Definitely not an easy class. You have to be willing to put in some serious time &amp; effort studying. He does drop your lowest grade &amp; then adds bonus points to the other tests, which helps, but don't depend on it. Just study, study, study! The class is not impossible; just takes determination. The worst thing you can do is let negativity get to you.
This professor needs to retire. You can be a great student and study but you have to be able to study for his class 24/7 literally. He took until the week before fall break then gave three test within four weeks who truly can study that much with such a short amount of time. When you sign up for his class think of it like a summer course
He is a terrible teacher, but unfortunately the only physical teacher UofM offers. He is confusing, but bases his tests off the notes he gives. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BUY THE BOOK. He gives prints of his notes at an office store in Germantown and also puts PDFs of them on eCourseware. Also makes you buy his own book. Unfortunately, this is needed.
DO NOT TAKE THIS MAN!!! GO TO SOUTHWEST IF YOU HAVE TO!!! he is scatterbrained and no matter what you do for his tests, you prob won't do well. try to avoid if possible! he rambles about nothing until like two weeks before exams and then BAM everything! he tries with podcasting and his notes but still...try another prof.
Everyone has always said how hard and awful his class was. Personally, I did not find that it was either for me. I loved to go to his classes because while he does tell stupid stories, he also give valuable, accurate and USEFUL info. Like anything else, go to class, study, ask questions. You learn a lot from people who love what they do.
ONE WORD: STRESSFUL! This class was by far the most difficult all year from 2010 the first semester to 2020 the second. There is entirely TOO MUCH to study for one exam alone. I never felt confident before or even after taking an exam in that class. Biggers lectures and test questions hardly ever correlate. &gt;&gt; STRESSFUL! &lt;&lt; Good Luck!
Where to start? I'll say this: he is a nice man. Kinda like a cool grandpa. But he is way too old to teach. I thought everyone was joking when they said he takes 3 months for the first test then jams the last three up. Not joking. Asks stupid questions about his daughters and animals and words his questions for the sole purpose of tripping you up.
His class is not as hard as everyone says; time consuming but not too difficult. Studying is a must. Read the clinical connections in the book, get his notes and listen to the podcasts because he can be unclear and jump around with his lectures. Study sessions are available, but I never went and passed with an A. He also curves the grades
If you are a Nursing major, you should take him. His class is very difficult &amp; stressful but I think it will help a lot once you get into the nursing program. I got a B+ and studied just about every night. There's no 'right' way to study for this class because he just puts whatever he wants on the exam. If you don't HAVE to take this class, don't.
This class is not as hard as people tend to make it seem. It is not one of those classes that you can easily pass by studying at the last minute. If you study, attend study sessions, and put in effort, then you can pass with at least a C. He does, however, make tricky exams. He adds a few points, so it is a trade. With determination, I made an A.
DON'T EVEN BOTHER. This class is very very stressful. The exams are STUPID hard (studying or not) You have 4 exams. One exam is dropped. The final counts as TWO test grades. Don't do it to yourself PLEEEASE.
This is a class you have to study for. Go to class because he uses attendance to curve grades. Tutoring helps more than the professor’s lectures. Also know the Clinical Connections and the scientists he gives. They are on the exams! And don't fret too much because he loves to add points to exams but don't rely on it!
Don't take him. Take Simco instead. He has super confusing notes and was one of the worst teachers I have had.
This is not a class that you can pass without much studing. Attendance is not mandatory but there is a roll to sign though I recommend you go for the lecture because he gives hints for exams and he'll use attendance to curve grades. Utilize the tutoring! He'll also drop the lowest grade
Dr. Biggers is very knowledgeable about A&amp;P!I did not take him for A&amp;P1 but I enjoyed A&amp;P2.This  is not hard to pass at all if you put in the effort to study.DO NOT just study the lecture notes however.I relied heavy on my book and that is how I earned my high grades on exams.All the info is very valuable,especially for health majors.I enjoyed it.
Dr. Biggers is an awesome professor. He knows his stuff! Make sure to STUDY! This is not the class to goof off in and try to coast through but then again that's what college is supposed to be right? Listen to the podcasts and LEARN YOUR CLINICAL CONNECTIONS!!!!! Definitely a must take professor if you're a nursing student like me.
Dr. Biggers is a nice guy. He will give you as much help you need. The class is not easy. You HAVE to study and listen to the podcasts. Try studying and listenig to a few podcasts a day. You should do well.
STUDY!. Listen to the podcast. read the book. DO NOT wait till the last minute to try and study for the test, because you would not do well. biggers gives you everything you need to pass the class. If you fail, it's because you did not try as hard as you could have. Really. I got a "C", and it was because I was lazy. You can't be in this class!!!
