Brilliant. #1
Winner who now teaches for 2018 National Football Championship's winners.
I never thought that Johnny Depp would be the best lecturer ever.
Dr. Johnson is extremely personable/hilarious. He is extremely knowledgeable (and is very aware of his intelligence). If you take him you MUST go to class. Tests are based off the lectures and the book notes. He does not assign homework so you must do well on tests. He hands out easy bonus points. Overall, he's a great guy and a great teacher.
Professor Johnson is  remarkable. He is a genius and he is funny. But he is not easy and you should study hard. He helped a lot of students after class. He is nice.
The classic prof and a very good high level phil  class.  His lectures were my favorite. Would retake.
He is a awesome religion teacher. A lot of the focus is on religious beliefs.
He is  great teacher, but a little on the tough side. Maybe if backed off on Kant and Hegel! Love his style and method. Good prof.
He is a phenomenal teacher. He is very intelligent and very handsome. He is the best.
Trig is a professor who loves the sound of his own voice. If you share his opinions, he will grade you high but I didn't feel there was much room for different views than his own. He's hot but knows it.
Took his class, becuase he is so popular. Grades were mostly tests with papers and bonus. It was a challenging class sometimes but not crazy hard.  Probably will not need the book that much. He is a great speaker and fascinating to listen to. He should star in the movies, if he ever stops teaching.
He  is a great aesthetics teacher!
He is a Professor who really cares about his students and really wants everyone to get into philosophy. Lectures are long but Professor Johnson's lectures are interseting. Be sure to take notes and study those. He tends to get upset when the class isn't reading and doing their homework.
Take him if you can get into his class.   You will love his lectures and having your mind blown. Like a lot of people say, there is no  teacher who teaches like him. His class is an experience. and Trig  is like some profound force of nature. He stimulates you.
Took him for an upper-level aesthetics class "Philosophy and Creativity". He was great. Very in touch with philosophy, art and culture.
This guy is a GREAT philosophy teacher. Close attention and you will be fine. Slack, and it will probably hurt.
Maybe a litle hard, but he is definitely worth it. Knows his aesthetics! VERY creative thinker and almost always has a smile on his face. Nice guy and very funny.
Legit. Love his lectures and respect that he  does not give into grade inflation for his popularity, high ratings, etc.  But you do have to work because he doesn't cave and his class is not for slackers.
Great professor, great personality, great vibe.  Reminds me a lot of Richard Feynman! Class is not hard if you always focus. Definitely recommend.
The professor was awesome I enjoyed his class. Trig lived up to his rep as a genius with a 170 I.Q. This man is a phenomenal teacher. He is gorgeous too like I expected since he is rated the hottest prof at UCF. Ok, beauty and brains for days! BUT maybe he could make the class easier? I studied SO hard for a B! For an intro class! :'(
