This was a great professor, make sure you keep up with your online homework and you are set. Read through the study guide and you will pass! He is such a nice name and is willing to help if you're willing to put in a little bit of effort.
This was one of the easiest classes I took at CMU. I only showed up to class on the exam days, which was only like 4 days of the whole semester! The book for the class is online, and there are also online discussions and quizzes that were due weekly. The study guide is just a little over 200 questions, and he chooses around 50 of them right from it
Dr. Carroll is not the professor to take for an online class. For a psychological testing class, his tests had the most obscure and specific questions. He expected us to know each reliability and validity coefficient for the exam, and there were hundreds! If you do take this class online, his test answers and questions are available on quizlet.
You don't need to show up at all. His lectures are pointless, plus his powerpoints are online. As long as you do the homework assignments online, you'll pass. Also, his tests are taken straight from the review we get so as long as you get the correct answers from the study session, you'll be good to go. Very nice professor though!
Only went to class on exam days, partly because he puts all the answers to the exams in the study guide he gives you, partly because he was sometimes rude to students in class.
Easiest class I ever taken at CMU. Make sure you do the online quizzes and discussion boards. Don't bother going to class, just do the study guide before the Exam and you will do fine.
Easiest class I have EVER taken. Never went to class expect for exam days. Study guide has exact answers of exams. It is 200 questions, he takes 50 of those questions from the study guide and that is the exam. Exactly the same question, word order, and answer set up. Make flash cards and study those. Weekly quizzes that you get unlimited attempts.
Dr. Carroll was literally the easiest professor I have had in college. I only went to class on exam days. You have weekly TED talk discussion boards and weekly quizzes but the quizzes you get 4 tries to get the right answer. His exams are 50 questions, multiple choice and he takes them word by word from a 200 question study guide. Super easy!!!!
Good Professor, but I do not like his teaching style becuase there is not need to go to class as he give you a 200 question study guide and only 50 will be on the exam so basically he is grade how well your memory is right? Can loook up the answers on google, some you can't but most are online. If you need this for a UP this will be a easy A.
Make sure to keep checking your grade! I had to retake his class because he gave me a D when I scored all a's and b's on his exams. It said in blackboard I had a b+ and he put a D on my transcript. Other than that he gives a LONG (200 question study guide) with the exam questions inside. Ted talks and quizzes each week. Pointless lectures in class.
Easy A regardless of if you're taking 100 or 220. Don't buy the Ted Talk website, wait until others post the title on the discussion board shell and look it up on youtube. The online quizzes are credit/no credit and the exams are 50 of the 200 questions on the study guide. I did need to use the 220 book for the study guide.
Loved him. Fill out the study guides for the exams and study them like crazy and you'll do well. Definitely recommend him over the other psychology professors -- from what I've heard on campus, he's the best and he teaches the material really well.
Very easy class. Majority don't show up for class and do well. I went every day and got an A.  Weekly quizzes online that are credit/no credit, ted talk videos, 4 exams, and an optional final. Exams are easy. A study guide is given to you with 200 multiple choice questions, 50 of those are the exam questions. Do the study guide and you'll do fine.
He is so dull. His voice will put you to sleep. The whole class period is him just talking in front of the screen meanwhile the notes are on blackboard. He gives exam reviews that are 200 questions long but no answer guide so you have no idea if you're studying the right thing or not. Good Luck.
You'll have weekly quizzes &amp; TED Talks you have to do. Easy points. He gives you a study guide which has the same questions that are on the exam. He is pretty lecture heavy but passionate about teaching. He gets mad if people don't show up to class which makes it worse of those of us who do show up because we have to hear about it so just show up.
Dr. Carroll is such a great guy and he's very passionate about his subject. However, much of his class was based around watching videos and we didn't usually talk about material from the text. Attendance wasn't mandatory and the only homework was a weekly quiz online and watching a TedTalk. Overall, it was an easy class.
Honestly all the previous reviews summed up this class pretty well. I had a loose-leaf copy of the textbook and it helped when I was doing the study guides since the online version is difficult to navigate. I did the weekly Ted Talks in advance when I had higher priority things to do. Easy but somewhat interesting material.
Dr. Carroll states it's your education, so it's your decision to show up for it. I did attend class every week though I didn't have to. I found his material relevant and the lectures provided additional outside understanding that showed what the book was saying. You can pass without attending, but he brings more to the lecture than the book.
Do the review guides and you'll do fine on the exams. Weekly lecture is not mandatory, (I did attend every single one though and it helped )the  only days that are mandatory are exam days. Carrol is a funny and sincere professor. There is weekly homework but, it's very easy.
I missed 2 TedTalks and 1 quiz because he assigns them every week. The weeks just kind of jumble up together and you forget to do them (trust me) it happens to a lot of the class. DO SONA STUDIES FOR EXTRA CREDIT. I got 60 points that way. It's almost always just sitting at a computer for a half hour, providing data for a psych student.
