This is a lecture class, so he lectures the entire time which actually isn't terrible because he makes the lectures easy to follow and they aren't too terribly boring. Just make sure you go to class, take notes, and definitely listen carefully to his stories. As long as you're present and attentive for his classes you shouldn't have an issue.
Hussain thinks he is some type of messiah who is enlightening everyone in the class with stats and news that the average person already knew about years ago. He's also one of the most long winded professors I've ever had, and his lectures can get SO boring because he talks about the same points over and over again. This class needs to revamped asap
It is clear what his perspectives are on the political spectrum and he teaches based off fact and bias. It is hard to listen to a biased lecture for an hour and 20 minutes and not fact check everything he says. He gives very common knowledge and statistics and very rarely goes into interesting detail or unknown examples. Professor could learn more.
He is a great and funny professor but you have to go to class and actually pay attention because he gives out a good amount of quizzes and he also will have questions on his tests about the stories he tells in class. I did not buy the book or read because if you go to lecture you and pretty much already know/guess what the answer is.
Dont need the books at all, quizzes or attendance taken every class
Professor Hussain is not the nicest person, but the class was fine. I ended up with a 3.0 and did not mind going to the class. Attendance is mandatory. Quizzes are easy but tests are much harder. Had a 3.5 going into the final and ended up with a 3.0. Overall, not a bad class.
Seems strict at the beginning but is actually a pretty cool professor. Most of the questions are very straightforward and he gives you everything you need to know before the exam. The iClicker exams are almost every week but are very easy if you attend the lecture. If you pay attention in class and listen to his stories carefully it's an easy 4.0
He is very sarcastic and some may think he's rude, but he's just trying to help you succeed. you have to go to class to do good, but class isn't that bad. Also, he gives you exactly what you need to know before each exam. If you don't 4.0 this, then you must have just not listened. very good class
Prof Hussain is the classic stern lecturer that will tell you everything you need to know for the exams. He gives quizzes through an iclicker roughly every other day, however these are free points if you pay attention in class. The exams are online and super straightforward to what is discussed in class. Standard lecture class with a solid prof
Honestly you don't have to buy the textbooks he requires. I didn't and I'm ending with a 4.0 but I really wish I did the extra credit he offered in the beginning. His lectures sometimes are boring but everything you need for notes you can find on quizlet like I did. Best teacher ever I loved his class, if you have to take an ISS take this one!!
Long lectures... and make sure you remember the stories he tells. Most of the exam questions are taken from his stories.
You have to show up to pass his bi-weekly quizzes, BUT it is seriously so easy. He is the funniest and easiest professor ever. I would take any of his classes. Just don't fall asleep, or be caught on your phone or listening to music. His lectures are pretty boring but very straight forward. His exams are common sense.
Do the extra credit opportunity!! Make sure to do well on in-class quizzes. It'll save your grade!
This class can be an EASY 4.0 if you do the extra credit. It may seem like a lot of work, but it bumps your class GPA by 0.5 and helps your resume. The lectures are super boring and you dont have to pay attention for the most part. He will usually tell you if something is important. 50 multiple choice on three exams and he drops the lowest.
His lectures are long and can be somewhat boring, but he knows what he is talking about and makes the information fairly interesting. For the tests most of the questions from lecture are based off of examples he uses and not just from the slides. It isn't bad if you go to class and read the material.
Would not recommend one of his classes to anyone. Out of all the classes I have taken, he is by far the rudest and least caring to students. Students only have five seconds to answer iclicker questions, lectures are heavy, and Hussain goes out of his way to make this class very difficult.
Hussain can be extremely rude to students and is not afraid to call people out for sleeping or being on your phone. Overall, class isnt too terrible &amp; information can be interesting. Just BE PRESENT during lectures or he will call you out, &amp; NOT nicely.
His tests were ab it challenging but this class is worth the work. Very insightful.
SOOOO Boring and rude to students. Is not understanding at all.
I went to every lecture and read the assigned reading and barely 3.5. His lectures are long and boring. He is extremely rude to students and does not like answering questions. ISS should be an easy 4.0
