He's a great professor. His lectures aren't always directly correlated with the tests, but he cares about his students and is very accessible if you want to meet with him. He loves Chemistry and is great at conveying that to his students. Tests are long and can be beastly, but it is very possible to get an A in the class.
To put it simply, I felt that Dr. Wood was completely non-existent and 100% apathetic during the entirety of this class. I received no emails or communication from him during the entire semester. The material is poorly organized, the majority of information in the videos is irrelevant, and there is nothing that sparked my interest whatsoever.
Dr. Wood fails to cover most of the material that is included on the test. His tests are also ridiculously long, taking between 2-4 hours each. I would highly recommend taking this class from someone else.
If you have to take CHEM 105 take it from Dr. wood. This man does a fantastic job explaining not only the material but the history behind the chemistry. He structures his class well. Don't get me wrong you have to put in the work to get the grade. The TA's do a great job and make sure you go to the reviews!
Dr. Wood is the best!!! He is so kind and willing to help his students. He has great TA's, and his lectures are always interesting and funny. He does great demonstrations to help teach concepts! There are lots of easy homework assignments with review sessions, and his tests are long, but it's so we can get a couple questions wrong and not fail!
This was my second time taking this class. Dr Wood makes class interesting but he fails to discuss much of the content that is included on the test. His tests are also unnecessarily long (2-4 hrs). Do yourself a favor and don't take this class from him.
Dr. Wood is AMAZING! He teaches entirely by experiments and on the chalkboard which is so nice! You don't have to take tons of notes in class but understand the concepts more than with powerpoint. Homework is exactly like his tests so if you do it then you're set! Best TAs I've ever had. Posts videos that help a ton! Take him if you want an A!
Such an amazing professor! He cares that the students understand and enjoy what they're learning. You get a homework assignment each recitation and a smartwork each week. The worksheets and reviews are super helpful for preparing you for the tests. The TA's are super helpful and lectures are fun. I definitely recommend taking Chem 105 from Wood!
This class was great. Dr. Wood is funny and cares a lot about his students. His lectures were sometimes all over the place but his TA's helped with learning new concepts. Homework after each recitation, and 5 tests total including the final. Everyone in that class is there to help, you have to work hard to do well.
Dr. Wood is my favorite teacher at BYU. He has such an in depth knowledge of the subject he teaches, it makes it really interesting to listen to his lectures and have your questions answered. I could always find him in office hours and he was happy to help with difficult topics. He has a passion for teaching, take his class and you won't regret it
Chem 105 is a hard class no matter who you take it from. Doctor Wood is the best though!! I wood not take it from anyone else;) There are 4 midterms, a final and the homework load is not bad compared to other chem 105 teachers. He's super passionate about chemistry and always does cool demonstrations. One of my favorite professors so far at BYU!
Great Chemistry professor. Dr. Wood is entertaining, caring, provides real life applications, teaches the material well, and provides all the preparation you need to succeed on his tests. If you go to lectures and the recitations with the TAs you should do well in this class. Textbook use is optional but you need the online program that comes with.
A fantastic professor that structures the class in a way that is do-able compared to other Chem 105 professors. Online and hard copy HW assignments. Test every 3 weeks. Hilarious man with a passion that makes you happy to be in class every day!
Dr. Wood's lectures were all over the place. He would occasionally throw some random scribbles on the board, but had no lecture slides when I took the class from him. I never knew when he was saying something important or going off on a tangent, and even when clearly important, you needed to be in his head to understand what he was saying.
Dr. Wood is great for chem 105! I was super stressed going into this class because it hurts so man student's GPAs, but Dr. Wood is by far one of the easier chem 105 teachers. He does have more tests but as long as you understand concepts you can easily get As on them. There are three homework assignments and one lab a week. So glad I took him!
Really liked Dr. Wood. He made lectures enjoyable and was very goofy in his way of teaching. He has online homework once a week and worksheets twice a week. And there were tons of resources online that helped me if I fell behind. There's an exam for every unit but if you study well, youll do just fine and end up feeling prepared for the final.
I absolutely love Dr. Wood. He has made chemistry my favorite subject at BYU. The lower rating seems to be due to a higher level chem class where a lot of students didnt try very hard. But go through and read the 105 reviews, all of them are phenomenal. He has VIDEOS for everything and has put A LOT of effort into them, and they help A TON!
Doctor Wood is a really great guy. If you're willing to work hard he is willing to help you. CHEM 105 is hard no matter who you take it from but Wood really cares that you understand. He also chooses really good TAs which makes the class way better.
Dr wood needs to quit before he ruins what was once a good reputation as a professor at BYU. Arrogant and ignorant of others. Directionless classes and wings everything. Was good at 105 but ide rather take 481 from any other professor than him. He thinks everything he says is inspired. Not at all recommended
I was in the exact same lectures as everyone else that took Chem 105 from Dr. Wood this winter and I really have no idea why they are complaining. He makes chemistry interesting and about as clear as it can be. He also picked some solid TAs. Absolutely take Chem 105 from him!
