Madden is a great professor, he is very funny, his class is based off four exams and eye clicker quizzes which take the place of your lowest exam grade.
Professor Madden kept class interesting by showing a lot of pictures along with the lecture slides so that we could understand what was being taught. He tells a lot of dad jokes which is pretty funny sometimes. Class is relatively easy as long as you pay attention or watch the lectures later at home.
He makes the material harder than it has to be. He does great curves. It's the only way to pass his class tbh. The hardest exam is the second so get ready to fail that one. The final is cumulative but its not hard. It is just general questions from the previous tests. He tries to make the class and he is really funny. Has random puns here and there
Dr Madden is awesome, hes a very nice person and will do his best to have his students end up with a good grade. His exams are tough but he usually gave a curve and drops one exam grade. I didnt come to class much and ended up with a good grade. Love this guy
Take him. He's the best.
Unless you're passionate about Biology, do not take him. The way he explains things is so hard to understand. He barely addresses the stuff on the slides and instead talks about random stuff that's way more complicated. He takes 5 minutes to answer one question because he starts talking about unrelated stuff. Had to teach myself the whole class.
Hands down the best professor you could ask for. Posts all of his lectures just incase you need to review, drops the lowest exam (including the cumulative final), he is so articulate and is so knowledgeable. The only thing is some exam questions are tricky, but an A is very attainable if you just study the powerpoints posted. SO GREAT. TAKE HIM!
Had him before for 213 &amp;305, really nice and good at explaining material. only 3 exams no projects, the final is the third exam its not cumulative. textbook is optional, listen to audio recordings more helpful
I noticed a lot of people think the class is hard, but I thought it was easy.. i guess it depends on the person. Every brain is different. Def dont need textbook. He is super great for self-esteem, as he complimented me about literally everything you can think of. He is *extremely* charming &amp; always up for meeting anywhere at all. Gave me his cell
I found this class pretty difficult because I didn't take AP Bio in high school or Biol 103 at GMU. Dr. Madden makes the class extremely interesting, and make sure you study a little bit every day because the powerpoints are packed with information you may or may not have heard of. Lecture/textbook not mandatory. Recommend him to pre-med students.
I really like that tests arent the only things that are put towards your grade, theres online homework that helps with your grade which i really like. He's a nice professor, study guides are similar to tests but tests are still tricky so still study a lot. ask any questions, he will definitely answer without attitude.
I love Dr. Madden! I thought his lectures were interesting, well-organized, and helped me understand so I could succeed. His PowerPoints are thorough and covered all material on the tests. Don't bother buying the book, I didn't open it once the entire semester and I wasted my money.
difficulty of class Depends what your standards are/ where you come from. range of students here so mixed opinions on that. Book was worthless to buy. He would contradict it sometimes. He was extremely charming and did wonders for my self esteem as he gave me the best compliments ever and gave me tons of attention. Made me feel special
Easy A! Dont have to read. Just attend lecture or listen to lectures he posts. He is very charming and highly accessible. Will meet with you outside the school as well and he gave me his cell, so I could contact him whenever! He really boosted my confidence too always gave me compliments.
RUDE, awful choice, I got the grade but I did it on my own his lectures are pointless. study the material on your own, he rambles in lecture and skips over numerous slides, not even worth going just google it instead. drops lowest test score, the curve is only a 2-3 question curve. If ur cool with studying on your own then sure take him, if not LLL
did better just skipping class and studying the study guides on my own. just look over slides (posts them) and know why each answer is wrong and right and define all of the options and you're golden. Would not recommend him, awful lecturer, rude, iclckers are not worth it (bad lectures poor iclickers scores) study on your own all test multi choice
Madden is a solid choice for this bio class. Cell structure and function (Bio 213) is a pre req. for med school so the course is hard but if you cant pass the class, what is your chance of doing well in Med school? Madden respects his students and questions that they have. Just keep the questions on topic...
Professor Madden is the best biology professor Ive had in my whole college career. He did a 20% curve towards the end of the semester(I originally had a C, but ended up with an A-). There are iclicker quizzes every other class which can raise your grade by a letter if you do them all. The tests derive from the practice exams. Take him!!
Took this prof for both 213 + 305, very good at lecturing. Exams are difficult but if you show up to class/listen to his video lectures &amp; study the powerpoints you should do fine. No book req.,attendance not mandatory however there are optional iclicker quizzes in class which can make a difference in your grade by one letter. Drops lowest exam.
Skipped most classes towards the end and still did fine because I watched video lectures he posted online. His lectures are actually entertaining to watch because he tells stories and cracks jokes related to the topic- which in itself is pretty cool. 100% take him!
