Worst Professor I have had at NYU
Very boring lectures, he reads the PowerPoint that came with the textbook and thats it. Grade was based almost entirely on 3 tests. He was very monotone and made the class awful as he just read the screen with only some extra content.
Paizis is the best!!!! He is always hilarious!!!dont know why people just dont come to the class:( The exam is a little bit hard but if you work hard, A-should be easy. And he takes clicker points really serious, so make sure you come to the class with clicker:) Enjoy his cute accent!
Heard really good things about Paizis- thought he was an amazing lecturer but turns out he was just good at creating a very structured class. Very by the book kind of person but he is def passionate about what he does &amp; spams your emails w memes, comics and news over the weekend at 3am. Grades are all exams &amp; homework which are all multiple choice
Paizis has very clear expectations from the get-go. Slides are all you need to study, no need for textbook or lectures tbh. But OCC is a very qualitative class and his exams are all MCQs, so get ready to cram tons of info into your brain if you want a good grade. It's interesting and easy content but you will have to make an effort for an A.
This class was the worst class to take freshman fall semester. The lectures are at 8 am on Mondays and Wednesdays. Paizis is very monotone and basically reads a powerpoint. If you do not read, you will not pass. Also, he is not accessible at all outside of class. If you are not an Econ major, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.
I have had Dr. Paizis twice now, and he is one of the most clear and excellent professors I have ever had. He asks the class after about every five slides if everything is clear, and if there are any questions. If you don't want to ask your question in class, go see him in his office, where he'll also welcome you with open arms. HIGHLY recommend.
He is probably one of the most respected econ professors around and states exactly what he expects from students on the very first day of class. Keeps checking in on students throughout the class to make sure that no one has any questions. He also sends a ton of e-mails with writings and comics, which, if read, help students understand the topic.
Bad lectures. Frequently cancel his office hours, even before the final exam.
As someone who is not into econ at all, I surprisingly well! Just study a normal amount, and go to lecture if you want a breakdown. All tests are multiple choice. Paizis is a funny dude, but if you don't like getting 10 emails a day, maybe take someone else.
It is composed of three exams that take up 85% in total. However, the tests are not that hard and there's no essays. Clickers are used so attendance is mandatory. Aplia is used for hw. The questions aren't hard, but every attempt is counted toward the final score. His lectures have a lot of Simpsons component. He emails a lot -- a lot.
His lectures are not very productive. Everyone would skip his class because you get far more from reading the textbook. Recitation is utterly useless. Exams are not very difficult. Study the tables in your textbook and understand how to do the FEW equations per graph for they will be on exams.
He is HILARIOUS. He is really good at teaching. Material is always well prepared. Wonder why lots of people don't come to the class. i would definitely take him again.
Great professor. It is important to be present at the lectures regularly, as you receive a participation point for the clickers grade. There are regular online homework assignments. The exams are not curved, but there is no need if you study and understand the material - all questions are extremely straightforward. It is important to read the text.
The class is difficult due to the fact that it's based on 3 exams and small participation (clickers)/homework grade. Homework is fairly easy to get an A average. Tests are multiple choice so they aren't too bad but it's easy to get low grades. Paizis is clear and humorous in lectures + encourages questions despite it being a 500 person lecture
Only 17-19% students gets A range (so A and A-). Do not understand why he has high ratings. Terrible lectures where you learn nothing from and no practice problems at all except homework problems from Aplia. He's busy because he teach at other places too. No office hours. TAs are not helpful.
His lectures are so bad! He uses these slides generated by the book company that pays him, which are extremely boring and poorly constructed. He is ridiculously unfair with grades and rounds it down no matter what. He's also hard on attendance and drops your grade for the most ridiculous excuses.
Really awesome professor with a ton of passion for the material and the students.
I enjoyed his lecture but his exams were confusing. He would also curve strictly according to his ridiculous distribution. Worked so hard but it's impossible to get an A.
Paizis is the man. He plays clips from the Simpsons, South Park etc. occasionally to illustrate economic concepts. He sends lots of emails with Econ jokes/comics which are insightful. When you email him, he responds promptly and always tries his best to help. Lectures are kinda boring at times. Clickers questions are kinda hard but tests are easy.
