Paul is an insecure guy who is constantly putting other people down and bragging about smart he is, and by implication, how dumb everyone else is. The class made me very anxious.
Paul is the best math professor I have ever had. Clearly a brilliant intellect with an immense passion for math and willingness to help anyone willing to work hard. Without question, you will need to put the time in, but it's a very rewarding experience.
A great professor. He builds up my confidence to learn math and set up a good foundation for me to learn more advanced topics in analysis. The course is well designed and you have to spend times. But all materials are accessible and the exams are really similar to the problems that you have seen before.
Paul is a stellar professor. The course was very well-structured, with applications to numerous fields--probability, statistics, vector calc, analysis, linear algebra, etc.--and he managed to construct it from scratch in a single semester. I would strongly recommend the class if the subject matter is of greater interest to you than, say, 23B.
not great
Paul has sparked my sense of wonder about math, while also making me feel capable of delving into higher-level courses. He's a great lecturer, but you likely won't understand all the material during class. Some of it's difficult  this is an intro to higher level math after all. A lot of work, but very fair grading and extra-credit abounds.
There is really low regard for wheter students are  understanding what is going on.  R-script the most awful program to do graphics in. Teaches from prepared notes on a projector, but covers what he is writing  with his hand  so it can not be seen.
the whole course is well-organized. lectures are engaging. great sense of humor.
A truly inspiring teacher who motivated me to learn everything he had to teach. He expects a lot, but will bend over backwards to help you learn it. Exceptionally fair grader. He is an educator not a rubric tabulator. I studied physics, math, and computer science with him before going off to med. sch. and always wished that I had time to take more.
Dr. Professor Paul is awesome.He really likes it when you go "BAMberg!!" really loud.Huge Bowie fan and great teacher.
Paul is the man. He's also secretly santa claus so if you don't like him you also hate christmas, and the sound of children's laughter by extension.
HE IS THE SHIT I LOVE PAUL BAMBERG But he should sing more often.
Disregard all the stuff about how bad of a teacher he is. If the 23 class of 2009-10 is any indication, the people who were most apt to complain were the ones who never really bothered to understand anything and instead tried to just memorize statements without the slightest comprehension. Paul's the man and explains stuff just fine. Nuff said.
phenomenal interest-level.  great engagement.  not always easy to follow.  his lectures require a high level of attention, but are well structured and clear.  paul not an easy professor, by any means, but is incredibly fair and will help with literally anything you need, if asked.
Has a good sense of humor, but cannot teach. Changed my plans of majoring in math.
:-/
yikes.....
He cannot teach. He is insensitive to how much (or little) students actually understand. He basically just ruined my goal of majoring in math.
Funny, excellent.
He's a wonderful person with a great sense of humor, but cannot teach. He has a knack for obscuring the meaning and relevance of the material he teaches. He seems to plan his class on the assumption that everyone knows everything in advance.
