Marc is one of the best Professors at OSU, he's organized and gives you the resources you need to be successful. You have to work for an A but if you commit to the class it's possible. TIPS: always watch lecture videos &amp; take notes(he expects you to), know the concepts like the back of your hand for exams, do the optional HW- its the key to an A.
Very challenging course, but if you watch the lecture videos and do well on the quizzes, you can leave with an A. He curves at the end so if you aim for a B, the curve should bump you to an A or A-. Don't slack off and make sure you work in groups to do the quizzes.
Marc Smith makes accounting very easy to understand, even if you aren't that great at math. I've always heard nightmares about this class, but it really isn't too bad. Marc Smith has very helpful and engaging lectures, and there is extra credit on every exam. The exams aren't cumulative, which is nice
He is a really nice guy but he automatically acts like everyone knows accounting! this does not seem like its really for beginners. The exam practices are not like real exam. Way to much info to remember for each exam. Should be more than just one class a week.
Even though the attendance was not mandatory I would recommend attending class. Even with all the notes its just way to much information to remember for each exams. I would understand if he gave us a formula sheet but no we don't get one. The test times are reasonable but I not once finished. Also the practice exams are not like exams!
Mark is one of the best professors I have had at Ohio State. His lectures are very interesting and he provides you with an abundance of resources to prepare for exams. He truly cares for his students and wants you to be comfortable with the material.
The professor teaches lecture pretty well but you need to spend much time to study for the exam. It is pretty hard.
The worst professor in OSU so far. His lecture aren't helpful and except you to come in to class assuming you're already a God Tier Accounting Student.
Most organized class I've ever taken at Ohio State. Holds your attention in lecture for a class that is normally brutal to focus in. If you put in the work and show up to class you get a good grade just from hearing him lecture and speak
He is almost the lowest quality professor I meet in OSU. If you look at the phone, he will say get out or scold you at the class, his class is the only class that can't look at phone in the room. Class is not difficult but he make the class difficult and boring.
Not very helpful. Hard class. Time consuming. Confusing. Unresponsive.
He's great, but the exams are fairly difficult. Here's how to get an A: Go to every recitation, lecture isn't as important tbh. Watch all the modules at some point and write notes. Do the homework after watching each week's modules. Then do the practice exam a day before-ish. You'll get a good grade, you just have to work harder than usual.
Marc Smith is a great professor. If you take this class, attending the in-person recitation will be of great help. He is very energetic and draws a lot of class participation. If you take the time in the class, unlike me, you should get a good grade very easily. Just be careful on exams because there is no partial credit.
The online videos he made do a really good job of explaining the concepts, and then the weekly recitation is helpful as well. I learned a lot, would always recommend to do the homework even though it isn't graded, its helpful in learning the material.
Gives you all the tools you need to succeed in the class. Going in, I was scared because everyone tells you horror stories about this class. Great lecturer and provides you with more than enough help. Lectures can be scary because he calls on random people, but as long as you come prepared, it was a great class that made me really enjoy accounting.
Marc is a great professor, but he is not very nice when going to lecture. He is not chill at all and treats students like 7 year olds, watching whether or not they use their phones. The class is stupidly easy though. Requires about 2 or 3 hours of studying before exams to get an a
I honestly think Marc Smith is one of the greatest professors at Ohio State. He gets torn down because his class is said to be incredibly hard, but he gives you absolutely everything you need to know. I would really recommend going to every class and watching the lectures. This class isn't incredibly hard but keep up with the materials for an A.
I liked this class was because he gave us a huge curve at the end of the semester. There is no other reason. I went into the final with a 67% and ended with a 72%, which he considered a B-.
Marc knows what he's doing, but this class is TOUGH. You HAVE to go to recitation/ problem solving sessions and watch every module if you want to do well on the exams. A lot of accounting is just practice, and he definitely gives the opportunity to do so, just make sure you show up, watch the modules, and practice the concepts outside of class.
I feel like he doesn't even know what he's talking about. He gets his own homework problems wrong in office hours, and with him, there is no such thing as a formula sheet, so we have to memorize 1000 formulas for each exam. The only grades are 3 exams and 5 quizzes, all or nothing grades. It seems like my entire class is not doing well.
