Very good, very engaging professor who grades on few things but prepared the class well
Provided outlines for lectures and exams, will go over exams before class. Must attend to pass. However, you arent getting moneys worth by taking him. He will cancel class often.. Can be rude to people showing up late, so be on time. He acts like he is never wrong on a subject. Overall, nice class and teacher. But isnt worth it.
Dr. Houston is a brilliant man. He obviously knows what he's talking about and the way he presents the material makes the class interesting. There are 3 exams and a paper, all of which are fairly easy as long as you go to class because the outlines he gives are not very detailed. He also goes over the study guide the day before the exam.
He is one of my favorite professors! He is easy and cares about your grade. I took legal/forensic psych and made an A! His notes are not that detailed, however attendance and taking notes help. There will be 3 exams and a paper due. Show up+ listen+ take notes A
I took him for intro to psyc on TR, and we almost never stayed the full class period. best pre-req professor and class.
I had a difficult time understanding his method of teaching, however I managed to make it through the course. I really appreciate that he makes himself available to assist you with assignments,
Inspiring and fair. If you land in his class, you will not be sorry. Makes learning fun. I respect him a great deal.
Dr. Houston is a great teacher. He was my first psychology teacher in college and then I took him for forensics. He is smart, funny, wants you to learn, patient, fair, and a real asset to the university. I really enjoy the lectures. Real down to earth guy.
I stopped going to the lecture about halfway into the semester because I realized it was pointless. EVERYTHING is in the book that he teaches. He let out early though so that was pretty nice and if you do go to the lecture it's pretty interesting. There's a lot of outside work that he rarely talks about. Too much to keep up with sometimes.
Very interesting class. There was no book and tests were based off his lectures.  I liked that attendance was not mandatory however I would not recommend skipping many classes because the tests were solely based off the lectures. He does hand out study guides though! Easy A as long as you pay attention!
Dr. Houston was  a cool enough teacher; but he taught more law than forensic psych. The first half of the semester was just an overview of how courts work rather than how psychology factors in. For many of us, that's disappointing as that is not what the course description promised. Don't take if you want to learn Forensic Psych
Amazing Teacher! I love lecture style classes, and if you do as well, you'll love this class. He makes them very interesting and I always expected to laugh in the class. His tests are easy if you come to class. Also, he seems to really love his job which is refreshing .
His Legal &amp; Forensic class was pretty easy. The class was an hour and 25 minutes, but he rarely ever went past 35 minutes. His outlines are exactly like the exams which there are three of (multiple choice, short answer, and essay questions). There was also a paper on a topic of your choice. I did the bare minimum and still did well on everything.
He made the lecture interesting and we were let out of class early most of the time
Very easy class as long as you come to class,pay attention and take good notes. There isn't a book and he doesn't teach from notes but from an outline that you will have. His tests are multiple choice,short answer and an essay question. His study guide will tell you the essay questions and a few of the short answer.
No textbooks or power points. I am usually an A/B student and currently struggling. Do not take him if you are a visual learner. short classes.
3 tests and a paper, but he was a very easy grader. Lectures have everything you need to know for the test, and remember to take good notes. Definitely an easy A.
I took Dr. Houston last semester for social psychology. The lectures were short and he started class ON TIME. I recommend people to record the lectures and take clear notes. The notes will help you pass the tests. A short paper was assigned- max 5pgs. This class is an easy A as long as you take good notes. He also took time to go over study guides.
I am taking Dr. Houston now for social psychology. His lectures are short, he runs through them pretty fast. Its best to record him. We have 3 exams and a paper. The paper was fairly easy and the the exams are too as long as you take notes and record his lectures. Study guides are provided which he goes over a class period before the test.
Dr. Houston is by far my favorite professor at U of M. I have had multiple classes with him and enjoyed every one. There was a time when i was in a sticky situation and he cut me some slack. He is very understanding and intelligible. I would highly recommend to anyone.
