that himeself ,rubbish classcm1029.
Great professor. Very clear in teaching and econ experiments and  practices in his class are generally fun and helpful for learning the material. He is very responsive to students as well, analyzing every student's test result dealing with problems individually. Exams are OKAY but you got to study. I recommend taking his intro class.
not bad but you gotta study like crazy
Professor Abowd is one of the greatest professors I've had.  He was very willing to help during office hours and tried to make class interesting by making it interactive.  The problem sets were definitely hard, but if you attended office hours or tutoring you could definitely get a good grade.  Abowd was such a great teacher that when final exams c
His lectures are very intense and can range from 30-45 slides in one 50 Minute lecture.  He is a very good professor when it comes to making you learn the material, but he is more difficult than other professors teaching this course.
If you think Econ is easy, don't take this class.
Awful class, never uses the textbook but makes everyone buy it. I didn't learn anything in lecture, he makes everything unnecessarily hard, and there are waaaay too many problem sets. The tests are way to hard, and have trick questions in them.
Nice guy. Bad teacher. Class sucks. Too many aplia problem sets. And he uploads them sometimes a day before they're due. Too many of my nights have been ruined by finding out at the last minute that there is a new aplia set due. Also, the prelims do NOT reflect what is taught in class or in the problem sets. For Excel sets, FORM A GROUP. Seriously.
extremely clear; all the powerpoints are online so you dont even need to go to class.  aplia is a joke. the problem sets are easy unless you are retarded and dont know the basics of using excel (like most people in the class).  tons of practice problems online that are exactly the same as the problems on the tests.
I loved this class. Abowd is the best professor I have had so far at Cornell!
he is a terrible teacher. he does not use the book at all and tries to make jokes in lecture [only he thinks they are funny]. this is one of the worst classes i have ever taken. if you can stay away from this class and any other class he teaches
His explaination and powerpoint are crystal clear and TA's teaching is great. His assignments are bit much but the grading is fair and course materials are interesting.
Great professor! i had absolutely no prior econ knowledge and i got an A+ in the class because Abowd explains the material extremely well. It's not an easy class but definitely manageable if you put in the time. those who say you need previous calc/econ knowledge and claim that abowd is a bad professor are just idiots who didn't make an effort.
Abowd is a very egotistical prof… usually annoying to listen to in lecture. Teaches the class as if it's an advanced econ course; 'expected' to have prior econ knowledge/ have already taken calc in order to keep up.. Aplia and Excel problem sets are very annoying &amp; excessive; For the prelims, * study the old practice tests * and you will be fine.
I really did not like this course. Unfortunately, I had to take this course as part of my school's graduation requirements. The excel problem sets are incredibly time-consuming and basically useless. Don't think you'll learn a lot by going to class. You're pretty much better off staying in the dorm and reading the textbook.
Abowd is an amazing professor. I found the aplia psets extremely helpful in getting students to keep up with the reading and his prelims/final are extremely fair. excel psets take a while to do so start them early. this is definetely a good class to take because abowd really makes sure that you learn the material inside out. i wouldnt change a thin
You will definitely learn micro, Abowd is a great professor.  He's so lame but it's adorable and he throws goodies into the crowd if you just try to answer in class.  The prelims and final are multiple choice, which sucks or rocks depending on you.  Seriously BEWARE OF EXCEL PSETS.
Very nice prof. Gives prizes when you answer questions. Also very understanding. When you need an extension for a valid reason, he is likely to help you with that.
My view is slanted since I suck at Econ, but I do think he assigns a little too much work for only three credits. That having been said, the work helps you develop many different ways of looking at the problems. Prof. Abowd is not a bad guy. Just do the Excel problem sets well in advance and ALL of the old prelims to prepare for the exams.
this class is useless.  abowd needs to learn that his aplia assignments and experiments are utterly pointless and dont help at all.  his lectures are incredibly boring, and in an attempt to redeem himself he gives out bagels and frisbees in class.  I'm not usually one to be critical of a professor or class, but this is particularly bad.
