Humorous and amusing in class. Very difficult to work with outside of the classroom and does not offer additional support or assistance.  Grading appears subjective as there is no rubric, and little constructive feedback on assignments.
Pat is one of the most amazing and approachable professors @ WFU; he genuinely cares about student learning (not grades) and inspires students to take learnings beyond the classroom. He's a real asset to the facility of the University; I would definitely take him again if possible.
Nice guy.  Made class interesting.  Pay attention to the small tidbits &amp; asides as he finds a way to include them on the exams.
Good professor.  Went a little fast at times which was hard for us non=computer people but all in all a good class. WAY better than Quant 1!!!
Great teacher. Great class. Great tools.
I've heard this guy sucks via email but since I never tried I can't comment on that.  He told us he was brief, though-almost as to forewarn us.  I though he went out of his way to help us understand this stuff actually.  We had extra tutorial sessions that he absolutely didn't have to do--but did.  The final was tough but 4 the semester he was fine
Turned what could have been a great course into a trainwreck. Two-Faced, refused to answer students questions in class! At $300 a student hour he should be ashamed!
CB demos were very helpful.  His lectures were a little dry.  His grading was way too tough for a 1.5 credit graduate class.  He treated us like high school students.
Nice guy, but class amounts to nothing more than long drawn-out Crystal Ball demo's. He messes with the lighting in class constantly during these. Also he has different expectations for "performance levels" between his quizzes and tests - a tidbit he will not mention to you until after the fact.
Two personalities, a friendly face in class and nasty and mean comments through e-mail.
No Comments
I just wish we would stop talking about Rennie Stennet.  Otherwise, he's OK and he smells good too.
