Dr. Macedone is incredible. Seriously the best lecturer I have ever seen and definitely has more energy than any professor I've had. The concepts can be hard, but his expectations are extremely clear. He really wants you to succeed and he is so passionate about what he teaches. 10/10 would recommend to everyone.
Professor Macedone is a good choice for Chem106. He understands and explains all of the material very well. The class is difficult because of the subject matter but he doesn't try to trick or confuse you on assignments or exams. He has several mini-tests throughout the semester so each one is weighted less and helps you see your progress.
Fantastic! Engaging, passionate lectures, loves chemistry and wants you to succeed. Don't EVER skip class or even be a few minutes late. Approachable, and explains things well. Exams fluctuate in difficulty, but you will absolutely have to work for a good grade. Not an easy class, but he drops a lot of grades, and he and TAs are extremely helpful
Dr. Macedone is a solid guy. He is funny, energetic, caring, but he really pushes you to learn. I didn't really like his class, but he did a good job at making it not-so-sad.
Dr. Macedone was awesome! He is so enthusiastic about what he teaches, it's contagious. He actually cares about his students too. He would go around to the groups during lab answering questions and making sure our experiments were going well.
Dr. Macedone is one of the best professors on campus! I loved this class. The concepts are hard, but he doesn't try to trick you. Macedone wants you to succeed and it's very clear. You have to put in the work, but his lectures are super helpful. I learned so well from him, he's so passionate about what he teaches. I highly recommend his class!
Dr Macedone made Chem 106 an even better class for me. His lectures were helpful for learning the material, and he used iClickers to register participation in class. His tests were difficult but doable. He is very willing to help you learn the material during class and outside of class. He also made lectures a fun experience.
Awesome with basic chemistry concepts, but doesn't teach the harder concepts well (or at all), then hits you with test questions covering the difficult. If you are studious, read, and do EXTRA practice, you will be fine. If you don't understand chemistry well, and are Pre-med, expect to work pretty hard. Oh and you have to write two essays...
Minimal feedback on assignments during the semester. Poorly written exams. Unclear grading criteria. Did not feel respected or enjoy the class.
Chem 227 was hard, but Dr. Macedone made it enjoyable. The class is "under construction," I liked the class. I can recommend him and the class.
He's a real piece of work. He is incredibly self-righteous and can say some of the most awful things with a smile and a pep in his step because if you smile it's not rude. He insights competition in his students when he should be trying to help. His tests are written to trick and not to test mastery of the material.
Dr. Macedone is a great professor. He cares about how students learn. Chem 227 is a hard course regardless of the professor, but Dr. Macedone tries to make up for it with great lectures and ample time to talk through problem students experience. He is in it for the students. If you match his energy, this class is a great experience.
Prof Macedone is SO AMAZING. He is such a funny guy who has a true passion for not only chemistry, but his students. He really cares about your success and understanding of content. Never hesitant to take advantage of his office hours if you're ever in need. His tests are kinda the worst, but you walk out of the class really learning something.
Dr. Macedone is a great professor and he's very enthusiastic and hilarious. He really tries to make lectures fun and I was actually able to learn a lot from him. There are a lot of tests and I probably would've gotten an A- if I hadn't of bombed the final, even though I got about 100% on all the other assignments. Great class, Chem is always hard.
Dr. Macedone is such a good teacher! I really enjoyed being in his class. He makes the lectures very engaging. There are a lot of tests, just be aware.
Though he touches on some topics more effectively than others, Dr. Macedone is a very competent professor. Tests range from medium to difficult and require a thorough understanding of the concepts. Since there are so many tests though, it's easy to burn out near the end, but stick with it! You won't regret it.
After the last day of class I realized how much even though it wasn't my major, I 've enjoyd this class. I liked the instructors passion about teaching, that helped me stay interested throughout the class. The class is hard, but all my classes at BYU are hard. I hear a lot of students complaining about working for it, and that's just college..
This class was very straight forward and the lectures were great. I never read the textbook and just studied the slides, did Smartwork, and talked to the TAs. I averaged 96% on the 6 tests with just that. He also gives extra credit!! There are 6 tests, but all Chem 106 classes are doing 6 tests now. It was much easier than Chem 105.
Macedone has a passion for chemistry that is contagious. If you can stay on top of the material then chemistry isn't too bad. He gives 6 midterms (the last being the last day of class, right before finals) and drops your lowest. He gives plenty of opportunity for extra credit. Macedone is super helpful outside of class as well if you are struggling
Prof. Macedone is a very engaging professor. He uses powerpoints and does a lot of demonstrations to help teach. He is very willing to help outside of class and is really helpful during his office hours if you have any concerns. Tests are tough and don't really follow the homework style very well. Reading is necessary if you want a good grade.
