I LOVE STANLEY JOHNSON!!!!!! He is probably the kindest soul I have ever met in my life. Do you love your grandpa? Well after you meet Stanley Johnson you will wish he was your grandpa. He isn't that old he is just so nice and caring. Great class to build your testimony but still get an easy A. Would definitely take a class from him again.
Brother Johnson is an adorable professor. His lectures were pretty good. He had 6 tests, but thankfully he reused a lot of the questions and they were not hard to get good grades on if you studied the study guide.
Wow. He's the most genuine and sweet professor you could ever have. I feel so privileged to have taken Book of Mormon from him all year. I'm sad he's retiring (well happy for him of course). He will be missed at BYU.
Brother Johnson is great. He's the grandfather everyone wishes they had. If you don't know what's that like, take Rel 122 from him. Lectures go by so quickly because he loves what he does. His enthusiasm rubs off on everyone in lecture. Best religion class taken at BYU.
Professor Johnson is a great professor, but his tests are many and difficult. Take his class for the experience. If you need a good grade or an easy religion class, look elsewhere.
Stan is the Man. Take it from him.
Johnson was hilarious, inspirational, and super easy. As long as you pay attention in lecture and review the stuff he says, you'll do just fine in the class. His lectures were entertaining and spiritual, and he managed to balance humor with seriousness in a great way.
Professor Johnson is the most caring, sweet, and down -to-earth guy! He's that older, cute kind of man and he connects with his students very well. He's really chill but expects his students to work for their grade. ATTENDANCE MATTERS. He's pretty funny too! A lot of corny jokes that really break the ice. His lectures are great! Definitely a fave!
The best professor I've had in the Ancient Scripture department. He helps you understand the teachings of the Book of Mormon, and it's not awful. He gets that religious education ISN'T your life. Pay attention in class, write down what he puts on the board, review the study guides, and you've got an A.
I love Bro. Johnson! As long as you attend lecture, take notes, and do the readings (aka daily scripture study) you will be fine. Do the study guide and you will pass the test with no problem. He is super funny and has a lot of knowledge about the BoM. I would recommend him to a friend in a heartbeat. Do what you're asked and you will get an A
I LOVE Brother Johnson! I recommend him endlessly! Compared to other religion classes at BYU  this class is a walk in the park. Study for 1.5 hours and you'll get an A on every test. Brother Johnson is a great guy and incredibly in tune with the spirit
This class was a lot of fun. If you go to class and listen to the lectures, you'll get by just fine.
Brother Johnson's class was amazing. He is such a funny guy, a cute grandpa type. His class is extremely easy. Come to class and take good notes. He gives a study guide for each test including the midterm &amp; the final, do the study guide and you will ace every test. HW is reading in the BOM and then writing a paragraph each time about what you read.
Bro Johnson was a great guy. Overall, he made us take 4 quizzes (tests) and a midterm and a final. The midterm and final were easy cuz it had the same questions as the quizzes. He teaches his opinion, which is kind of annoying. Make sure to write down everything he says, even quotes from bretheren cuz it will be on the tests.
Stan "The Man" Johnson is just the greatest guy!  Love the way he teaches BOM, he's so funny and nice.  You can tell he genuinely cares about his students and wants them to succeed.  Taking all religion classes from him.
Brother Johnson is the best. Don't take Book of Mormon from anyone else.
Bro Johnson is a great teacher. He has some hilarious comments, and most of what he discusses in class is on the test. A few things are from the reading and further individual comprehension, but he usually clarifies in class. 4 tests throughout the semester, plus the midterm and final, but besides those the only other grades are reading journals.
Stan is way easy, take really good notes on lectures and you'll ace the tests. He is very nice and willing to help if you go into his office hours, wants his students to succeed.
Brother Johnson is absolutely hilarious. This class completely changed my life. He always has a new, interesting insight, which drastically changed and strengthened my testimony. He admits when he doesn't know the answer, &amp; he always backs what he teaches with what prophets have taught. Loved this class. I never wanted to miss, and I'm a skipper.
Brother Johnson was a good teacher and very funny. He is a very genuine guy and teaches well. Almost everything he teaches is on the tests, but there are a few things that are not.
