There are 2 worksheets and a paper required, which take some serious time, but the regular weekly assignments are not too bad. LOVE the lectures. Hes a fantastic teacher!
Great professor! I actually learned new stuff. He's very knowledgable about the scriptures and I definitely feel like I get more out of reading than I ever have.
Bro. Griffin is my favorite religion teacher I've taken a religion class from since being here! He provided amazing insights and really cared about us and our understanding of clear doctrine, and separated his opinions clearly. My testimony was strengthened immensely after this class, and he's passionate about our spiritual growth.
He talked incredibly fast and often went off on side-tangents during Book of Mormon lecture. Would not recommend. Find an easier religion teacher, because religion should be far more enjoyable than it was with Brother Griffin. Tests were open scripture (which in my opinion made it more difficult).
Brother Griffen made most classes interesting but when it came to the tests it was really hard to do well. The tests were pretty deceitful, all were multiple choice or matching, and every choice was something that we had been taught growing up. So if you are good at testing/religion take from him class was pretty good.
I really appreciated what I learned about the New Testament in this class. He is extremely knowledgeable and hates how we have to have tests. The final was harder than expected but he curved the class up anyway.
Professor Griffey was my favorite religion teacher Ive had because he is so passionate, relatable, sincere, and knowledgeable. He was pretty self conscious about his teaching skills, but I think he was an incredible teacher. Ive never met someone so knowledgeable of the scriptures, and his testimony of Christ was incredible.
Bro. Griffin was an AMAZING teacher for the New Testament! You can always tell he loves teaching from the scriptures, and he always gave historical context to give greater understanding. His tests are open scripture, and all assignments/papers have clear expectations, so it is not hard to do well in his class either.
Brother Griffin is so kind, thoughtful, and very sincere. He is knowledgable about many subjects and gave me a lot to think about in reference to things I know a lot about.
Weekly smart project, weekly quizzes. DO NOT MISS THE QUIZZES!! Open scripture tests, but still pretty time-consuming and a little challenging. Besides the grading aspect, I absolutely loved being in this class! Prof. Griffin has a good balanace between being spiritual and being entertaining. Loooots of puns! Absolutely loved going to class!
Lectures are repetitive, dogmatic, and borderline condescending. It felt like he required a certain level of spirituality to do well (mostly because of his TAs). He requires an obscene amount of "meaningful" time for HW. If you're already an incredibly spiritual person, you'll probably love him. If not, just take another prof. Can I get an amen?
If you don't like puns, don't take him. If you don't like amazing life-changing lessons about the Savior, don't take him. If hate having classes that you can get an A in, don't take him. Your grade is based on attendance, daily scripture study, a SMART project, and tests. AMAZING professor.
KNOWS his scriptures, knows how to give a good, insightful, and engaging lecture, and knows how to make you put time into growing your testimony. A couple papers, digital dialogues every week, quizzes every week - pretty good amount of work for a religion class but worth it. Tests are hard - study for them.
Griffin truly cares about his students and is very knowledgable. His tests are somewhat challenging but all other assignments are easy A's.
He really tried to give the highest grades he could justify. His lectures always contained new details and insights which kept them interesting. Griffin knows his stuff and really tries to make the class as easy as possible. I should mention that he loves puns and they're absolutely atrocious.
Brother Griffin knows his stuff. He is very knowledgeable about the context of the scriptures. He tries to relate it to your personal life. The classes weren't spiritual, some were, but he is constantly improving. No powerpoints just take good notes. You use scriptures on the tests so take good notes and make sure to put them in your scriptures.
So many people talked Brother Giffin up, and don't get me wrong, he is a great guy and a spiritual giant, but I was pretty let down by his class. Some days he was really hard to follow. He only talks during lecture, no slides to help guide. His tests are way hard, but good to learn from. Go to class and take really good notes to do well on tests.
I LOVED this class. Brother Griffin really knows what he's talking about. He's studied a lot about Jerusalem and the life of Christ, and is always encouraging us to connect with Heaven, so it does require some personal dedication. There's an hour of a personal project every week, and regular reading. Tests are open scripture, so write notes there.
He is an amazing teacher that really does his best to teach what the students need. He will take the time to answer questions. Tests were hard, make sure you have notes in your scriptures. Hard to know what he wants you to study. Work load wasn't bad at all and he is super open to helping and answering questions. Loved his class
If I were you I would definitely take this class. He understands that Religion classes should be spiritually enlarging and not the hardest class you take all semester. Every class was super interesting and as long as you show up to class you will get an A. He allows you to use your scriptures on tests so make sure you take good notes.
