First of all, I respect this professor's passion for the material. He knows his stuff and his lectures can get quite interesting. However, he only wants you to regurgitate his ideas of the texts on papers/exams. Secondly, the course is flawed, with a standard college courseload it's humanly impossible to read all of the texts.
I had a hard time following a long and keeping up with the class material. The professor was a great instructor, I just don't think the class was for me.
extremely hard course, but amazing professor
Not sure what his lectures are like but Socrates and his Critics was a small seminar and it was awesome. Prof Renzi loves what he does and is so knowledgable about not only classics but about just about everything. I would always ask him about something not related to the course before class started and we'd have a great discussion about it.
Professor Renzi has excellent story-telling skills, and the class I took, on Xenophon, was the most rewarding class of the semester, the lessons I learned connected to other subject matter and I felt thoroughly engaged and interested in what was being taught.
Renzi is phenomenal. He's not your buddy and he's not some new professor looking to get good recs. He's your professor. Be a student and you will learn. Let your TAs prove why your "outside insights" are wrong in recitation.
He claims that this class is not philosophical, but I beg to differ. I've never taken a "philosophy class" before. It has never been an interest, and that still hasn't changed. HOWEVER, I will not deny that I learned alot. It was a pretty good experience, even if it was my last choice for a Texts and Ideas class. Buy the books online! It's cheaper.
Lectures are horrible- repeat his opinions from them on any test/paper. He isn't receptive to outside insight from students. No feedback on graded work/exams. No handouts/grades posted online so you'll never feel confident in how you're doing in the course. GO TO RECITATION- your TA is your best friend if this guy is your professor.
The course is not meant to be an easy A, plain and simple. There is no doubt the material is demanding, but you CAN do well by paying attention and looking to understand the texts. I've honestly learned more in this class than I ever expected. It's one of those where every grade is fought for and satisfying. If you want to coast, look elsewhere.
The class was interesting, but also really difficult. Besides him being kind of arrogant, he only accepts his point of view. BUT the TAs and weight of assignments help. I got a C on the first midterm (8% of grade), a B on the second midterm (I think like 12%?), but did well on a few papers and ended with an A-. Not an impossible class!
While I enjoyed much of the material covered in this course and loved the readings, this was a VERY DIFFICULT class. Yes, Renzi is arrogant but my frustrations stemmed from his overly particular grading style. You may learn a lot and have interesting theories, but if you dont regurgitate his lectures from class, your grade suffers. Not my style.
Very hard class, one of the hardest I've taken at NYU. However, the content is interesting, and he is an engaging speaker so lectures are never boring. Take notes very carefully as the lecture is very detail-packed and everything in the lecture will be on the exam. One of the most challenging but fascinating classes I've ever taken
Not much grade inflation — he keeps it real. If that's not your thing, don't take him (there are other, easier 'Texts and Ideas' classes). Sometimes he's very sanctimonious, but he's passionate with a real point of view. I learned a lot from this class. From my experience, you have to do the readings to get a good grade.
Professor is arrogant and insufferable, but the class is trivially easy. You barely even have to do the readings if you pay attention in recitation and maybe scribble occasional notes in lecture. I don't really get the complaints about the difficulty, as I didn't even read any of the books and still pulled an A-...
Lectures are well detailed. EXTREMELY difficult readings. A hard grader. isn't clear about what he wants from you. DO NOT TAKE THIS TEXTS AND IDEAS CLASS.
So far, the worst professor I've ever taken at NYU. Both, his personality and teaching skills aren't the best for an educational place. One day, I listened to him saying to one of his TA's to grade essay and HW assignments hardly. I totally understand he wants us to learn, but a C- on a paper that was workshopped three times is just unfair. AVOID!
I would highly recommended especially if you're interested in philosophy. It is extremely hard but was the most rewarding required class I had to take freshman year. Renzi is tough but very reasonable he doesn't hand out As but the TAs usually have your back. The readings were hard but super interesting
Vincent Renzi was one of the biggest disappointments that I have had at NYU. Don't take him unless you want to tank your GPA.
Brilliant guy, extremely knowledgeable and he knows that he knows more than you do about the subject. If you are active he will like you and then will help the course fit you. So far, my favorite professor at NYU
Rude, unhelpful, full of himself. I do not recommend him.
