I loved this class! Dr. Ogletree is fun and light-hearted, but also knows his stuff. He teaches true doctrine with the Spirit. His course is very well-organized and straight forward and it's really not hard to get a good grade in this class!
Dr. Ogletree very effectively conveys the material and is both knowledgable and inspirational, as well as funny. He will virtually bend over backward to help you out and make sure you get the grade you deserve. That being said, the class often felt rushed and resources were under-utilized to maximize the potential of the material. Class was REL 200
Brother Ogletree really knows what he is talking about and the lectures have good material. Everyday there is a reading quiz and an attendance quiz but they're easy and open book. The tests are rough because they are mostly exact quotations, but he does provide a study guide for each exam.
Really nice guy and tries to make lectures fun. Not that hard of assignments and prepares you for exams.
He's a great guy and really cares for his students. There are a few assignments in the class but he makes them really easy for you. He says just to skim the readings and do the tests at the start of the semester, so you can get all that done in a few solid hours of work. You self grade your semester assignment. The exams are harder though.
Professor Ogletree is an awesome guy. He is really funny and has a quirky sense of humor and personality that makes lectures really fun to attend. He knows a lot about the family and is great at teaching it. I hated his tests. They were 100 questions and sometimes vague. Other than that everything was great.
If you're gonna take Eternal Families, take it from Prof. Ogletree!! I looked forward to going to class! There is a quiz before class everyday based on some readings but it doesn't take much time and I honestly LOVED doing the quizzes. They were super interesting. He is a very engaging teacher and the lectures were fun and spiritually uplifting!
The professor was wonderful in his teaching style. I got so much out of lectures and discussions in class! However, his tests were always so weird! I would get so much out of lecture and then the test was always focussed on memorizing ridiculous quotes and specific words that were so ambiguous that it was impossible to study for them.
Professor Ogletree is a good professor. He's funny and his lectures are fun. The only criticism I have are his tests; they're pure memorization of quotes from apostles and prophets. Other than that the class is good, the workload is very small, there's only attendance quizzes and reading quizzes which are super easy.
Professor Ogletree is a very funny professor and seems to know his stuff. His lectures are interesting and a joy to listen to. My only problem with the class were the tests; they are very memorization heavy and don't really focus on knowing the concepts. If you want to pass, you really have to memorize notes and study guide.
Professor Ogletree is hilarious and it is very enjoyable to be in class. The assignments are clear and the class in general is not too hard. The test can be a little hard but he gives study guides and gives very flexible amounts of time to take the tests. They are all online as well.
Dr. Ogletree is a good dude. He straight up told us that he didn't want his class to be our hardest class. He does his best to make class engaging and fun. His readings packet is mostly GC talks so I didn't buy it and did just fine! My only complaint is that he consistently prepares waaaay too much material than can be covered in class.
Good Teacher and nice guy! I just felt that the class was a little too much busywork and random facts and not enough critical thinking and concept mastery. We were tested a lot on memorization and not enough on important concepts/skills.
Oh. My. Goodness. I can't say enough good things about Prof. Ogletree. Every lesson I was inspired and learned so much. My main piece of advice: Don't get behind on assignments or forget quizzes because the points are hard to get back.
Dr. Ogletree is very direct and wants his students to be successful. He gives students a lot of opportunities to earn extra credit and is very clear on the assignments that need to be done in class. You fill out a study guide online and if you study (memorize) those, you will do well on the tests. He also does attendance quizzes - so go to class!
Great professor! Absolutely loved having him, he's funny, it's clear what he grades on, he provides study guides for both exams and quizzes. The unit exams caught me off guard, so just make sure to study for them!
Brother Ogletree is pretty sassy, but it makes class interesting. I loved his lectures and all the reading was great. But the tests are pretty ridiculous. He gives very specific study guides, but a lot of the questions are obscure statistics about things that just don't really matter.
Brother Ogletree is great. Super awesome guy and gives very entertaining lectures. The work isn't very hard, just keep up with it. I enjoyed the class a lot! Take eternal families from him!
Easy Easy... just do the exam study guides
Definitely not my favorite professor at BYU. But, there really is a lot of good information and insight in his lectures. Be open to the spirit and you will learn a lot about yourself, dating, and marriage. The homework is super easy, but you have to go to class to get attendance points. overall I didn't mind the class and it is pretty easy.
