Be prepared to work very, very hard if you have had no significant experience with computing. This is an 'intro' class in the same way rocket science is child's play. The good news is that the professor happens to be just the one to make this class great. Professor Sahami and his teaching staff are brilliant, funny, accessible and fair.
He is clearly the best instructor I ever had.
Mehran is great in front of the class. Totally engaging. Wonderful, fun, clear lectures. In person, he has no time and expects you to talk to the TAs if you need anything.
He is AWESOME!
Awesome lectures can't explain with words
BEST PROFESSOR
Wow! such a clear, brilliant teacher. Every class makes you love the material as much as he does.
Having seen the 106a lectures online and liked them, I wasn't particularly expecting anything new. yeah some of the material was familiar but Mehran was so much more awesome in person and such a great teacher, who really prepared me for some of the more difficult computing concepts.
Awesome
I liked him.
One of my fav profs of all time. Textbook needed if you don't have any CS or Java experience but otherwise the class is generally pretty easy. Lectures are recorded.
Best Prof of all time
He shoves a bunch of html, Javascript, CSS, PHP, and forces down intensive computer knowledge down your throat.  He spits sizzling apple juice from his puckered lips and does yoga throughout class.
Mehran is awesome. He is always fun to listen to and he explains everything so well. The lectures are also filmed and uploaded on the course website (same day) so you "go to lecture" on your own time (at double speed).  He is very approachable and loves what he teaches.
He is simply great! ;)
His classes were the highlight of my week.
Mehran is the best. He makes CS approachable for beginners, and his lectures are awesome and are full of funny jokes and candies.
One of  the most impressive lecture at Stanford.  Well-organized lecture and tough course work (programming assignment.) Essential for CS student.
He's great
The best prof through whom I could learn online
