Moral Foundations of Capitalism was a great class! Professor McCaskey is very passionate and engaging. But be warned: he will cold call on you and if he suspects that you haven't kept up on the reading he will send you an email entitled "Are you keeping up?" Very very worth it though.
Moral Foundations of Capitalism with Prof. McCaskey is a wonderful class. I ended up changing my views about many of the authors we read and learned a lot about both the supporters and detractors of capitalism. Definitely one of the most interesting classes at Stanford. I would recommend this to anyone regardless of political persuasion.
Professor McCaskey has lots of energy and enthusiasm for the class, which made me much more excited about the subject. He is incredibly helpful and always willing to work with students outside of class to make sure they understand the material. He also gave great essay feedback and helped us outside of class to improve our writing.
Phenomenal teacher. I learned more in this class than I have in any other class at Stanford.  Really challenges students to think critically and to thoroughly understand concepts.  Very approachable.  Was determined to schedule time with students outside of class if he felt they weren't fully grasping the concepts.
Moral Foundations of Capitalism with Prof. McCaskey is an excellent class. Prof. McCaskey challenges every student to challenge and formulate her personal economic and political philosophy or at least understand and challenge those of the writers we read. He is readily available to help and is a great asset to his students academic careers.
I took the Moral Foundations of Capitalism with Professor McCaskey, and it was a great class.  Professor McCaskey is all you could ask for and them some: smart, fun, helpful, and caring.  I looked forward to going to his class because it was fun and I learned so much.  He is also a fine writer; your writing will improve if you take his class.
Professor McCaskey is good at helping students think about the course concepts. He did this by relating the readings to each other, providing readings with different moral arguments, and giving us detailed feedback on completed papers and drafts. The class environment made it easy for students who weren't familiar with the material to participate.
Professor McCaskey is everything a college class needs. His course provides a variety of viewpoints on ideas that are important to students and demands nothing but the best thinking from all.  Best professor at Stanford thus far.
Professor McCaskey opened my eyes to an entirely new world of that that I had not previously explored.  He did of incredible job of helping grasp complex philosophical concepts and begin to formulate my owns opinions and judgments on the subject.  He shared a genuine excitement for the material that was infectious and inspiring.
Professor McCaskey is an amazing professor. I took Moral Foundations of Capitalism, and it helped me formulate my own beliefs much more coherently. He handles discussions well, he brings a lot of passion to class, and his explanations are crystal clear. It was the best class I've taken so far, and I recommend that everyone try his classes.
Professor McCaskey is a talented educator. I looked forward everyday to attending his class and sharing the excitement he brings to learning. He did an incredible job of teaching a difficult subject and addressing the variety of student backgrounds and needs in the course. I highly recommend that everyone studies with McCaskey during college.
Professor McCaskey's enthusiasm for course material was contagious. The course was well designed with a clear progression and development of central themes. I took a lot away from the course and highly recommend Dr. McCaskey to other students. He's one of the best professors I've had at Stanford.
Professor McCaskey is everything higher education needs: a teacher who cares about his students, incorporates a wide variety of  viewpoints, and thoughtfully prepares the course.
This class was great.  McCaskey knows his subject, and his enthusiasm is infectious.  Even students who had no prior interest in 19th century philosophy of science seemed engaged and excited.  Overall, a great experience.  Take a class from this guy.
Professor McCaskey is by far and away the best professor at Stanford university. I have never taken such an enjoyable and interesting class. He is thoroughly devoted to teaching and every section is an exciting opportunity to hear his brilliant insights and learn from excellently lead discussions with your peers. He is an incredible professor!
Prof. McCaskey is amazing.  This class was one of the best classes I've ever taken, and most of that is due to his way of teaching and engaging students in meaningful and insightful discussions.  Awesome!
the class was very enjoyable, largely due to Dr. McCaskey's charisma and an excellent reading list.
this man was enthusiastic and passionate about the course. the course covered 2500 years of the history of science and logic, and he was versed in every topic of discussion. he is as likable as he is intelligent. if you like the history of science and want to read Newton, Galileo, Aristotle, Heisenberg, Copernicus, and others, this is the course!!
He is a great teacher whose enthusiasm is contagious.  This was the most enjoyable class I have taken at Stanford or anywhere else for that matter.
Prof McCaskey was awesome, especially with the small discussion class we had he was great at leading our talks and really emphasized student involvement. The class got really passionate, in large part because he relayed his own enthusiasm to us. I'd love to take another class with him, or just the same one again!
