Absolutely incredible. Probably the best teacher I've ever had in my life. Not only does he explain the material in an engaging and clear way, but he is also willing to answer questions beyond the syllabus, which has helped me understand many concepts better. He also only uses the chalkboard, which I found much more interesting than powerpoints.
Incedible lecturer, explained organic chemistry in a way that even my parents would understand. Very accessible and helpful for outside of class questions. Related the material to every day life and made it seem relevant and interesting.
Coppola is a nice guy, but he is very fast and assumes you already know a lot about the topic. That being said, he clearly loves his job and is so on top of his work. He responds to emails almost instantly and is very punctual. He does not give out answers to the coursepack, but there are practice exams on nolta's website you can use.
He cares incredibly much for his students and is always energetic during lectures. During the office hours before the exam, he stayed waaaay past the the regular hours and answered every single question though it was really late. Coppola is extremely admirable and teaches in a way that is succinct and, as much as orgo can be, interesting!
The best chemistry professor on campus period. Organic chemistry is hard, but his explanations are detailed and thorough. Remember to use multiple sources of information, including your peers and textbook. There's a lot of work to do, but you're in good hands. He's definitely a role model for anyone who learns from him.
Coppola is a good professor but he isn't always clear in the way he presents the material, going in depth on things that aren't relevant. A few general notes about orgo it takes WORK, stay on top of the material and do ALOT of practice exams if you want an "A", also get your questions answered and don't hold on to misconceptions. Good luck!
He's really helpful, he looks strict but he's actually nice.
I thought Orgo would be very hard, but Coppola's straightforward and logical lectures made the material itself seem not so hard. Amazing professor. He always incorporated real world examples into lecture which was cool. If you follow along in lecture, do the course pack, and put in time for studying you will be fine.
Brian is an extraordinarily intelligent, dedicated, &amp; experienced professor. If Brian says it, it will be covered by the exam; his lectures are succinct &amp; he does not stray from the subject matter. Brian uses examples that explain difficult concepts quickly and make them easy to remember. If you have a choice between professors, choose Brian.
Coppola lectures can be boring, but he covers only topics that will possibly be on exams (unlike other profs), as well they are recorded and posted to his website. The class is inherently difficult, but joining a SLC study group and doing about 5 hours of studying outside of that before exams will allow you to do well.
Out of all the profs for organic chemistry, Coppola is def the best choice. Then again, I must warn you that I basically thought he was speaking a different language by the end of the semester. This class is by far the hardest class I have ever taken, and I hope I never have to go through something this terrible again
Coppola is an AMAZING lecturer. He writes the exams too, so being in his class is probably for the best. Lectures are recorded so attendance in class isn't mandatory. He's probably a genius.
If you want to do well in this class, dont do noltas exams (way too difficult, her pages in the coursepack are in text font arial). Dont get too attached to lecture. They usually are the justification for the answers. Coppola writes very fair exams with an occasional trick here and there.
Dr. Coppola was an inspiration. He convinced me to join the honors study group, and that is how I met most of my friends at the university. I didn't know how much I would enjoy organic chemistry because I've always liked physical chemistry better, but one semester after taking Coppola's class, I became involved in organic chemistry research!
Literally the best professor at UM. He's funny and says random jokes at times. He's like the funny uncle everyone wished they had. He has such a clear and distinct voice that grabs attention so lectures are never boring. I wish he would teach other chem classes so I could take his class again.
He's good and all, but i don't understand why he sells course packs. They could easily be available online like calc's and physic's practice exams... They're just old exam questions, so it's not like he's slaving over these things. A little scammy if you ask me. Only gripe though, so i guess that's good?
Coppola was alright. He tended to go fast during lectures, and only covered the most difficult material 2 or 3 days before the exam. Fortunately, Chem 210 has countless resources that help you. Tough class, but put the effort in and you will do well.
Professor Coppola has been my favorite professor so far and teaches chemistry so well. He is very clear and always makes sure to answer questions during class, after class, or in office hours. I had his class at 8am and he always kept my attention and was very captivating. I would highly recommend taking his class if you can.
Amazing person and professor. Really knows how to teach. Funny. Kind of fast sometimes but his lectures are recorded so you can re-watch. For the first two exams he covered the hard material really late (2 days before the exam) so it's better to be ahead and allow time to practice.
Coppola is honestly an amazing professor. He teaches chemistry so well and everything in his lectures is extremely clear. Truthfully, you don't even really have to go to lecture because his lectures are recorded and he posts a panoramic shot of the chalkboard. Don't believe the scary things you hear about orgo; it's honestly not that bad.
