You should get an A in this class if you do the work. The solutions to the homework are given to you and if you do all the test practice problems you will be ready for the test. The lectures are sometimes a little boring because he read off of the slides a lot. He is kinda funny and will remember the students names who show up to class.
In order to do well in this class, you really have to put in a lot of time and effort. Unlike other classes, this course starts out pretty difficult and then gets easier as the semester goes on. A crazy high number people fail the first test (I failed the first test also) but you can still get an A if you do well on the other 4 tests.
The class is easier than what he makes out to be. Stay focused, do the homework, attend recitations, and you'll be solid. Before the exams, make sure you do ALL of the practice test bank problems. There are no surprises on the exams; it's extremely similar to the practice problems. The professor goes fast so you might want to read the notes ahead.
Pilloff makes everything understandable, truly a great teacher. Do all the graded assignments, a little of the test bank problems, and all the practice tests and you will succeed. He has solutions for every type of problem if you get stuck. Exams reflect the practice tests. You can skip class by just watching his online lectures.
Testbanks is your best ally here. UNDERstand them. Do not memorize. Each choice in the multiple choice exams is possible answers when you use a different mode or sign. I wish his exams would require solutions so that the effort to solve the problem will be considered. Process over product. Work hard for this class and you'll pass.
Don't get me wrong, he's an amazing professor but the class is very difficult. He gives everything you need to pass but you will need to spend majority of your time for this class. Also, practice test banks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The practice tests are your best friend in this class, so long as you practice those and understand the logic behind each question, you should do very well on the tests. Also Pilloff has a rule where you're free to attend any lecture you choose, so long as you take your tests in the class time slot that you're signed up for. Very good guy, 10/10.
He provides more than an adequate amount of material to succeed in this class (practice tests, HW problems). I took it online but through his recorded lectures and brief interaction seems like a nice guy. Key is to stay on top of HW and practice the test bank Qs religiously. The class is time-consuming but not overly difficult.
This course took more effort than I expected. Although you have the test banks you really have to understand it. Attendance not mandatory and the practice tests helped me most.
TEST BANKS, TEST BANKS!! Im not a finance major, but im doing relatively well in this class by doing the test banks over and over. Pro tip is to not MEMORIZE the problems but to UNDERSTAND them! Pilloff is very organize with the way he teaches the class. He posts EVERYTHING you need on blackboard. Just commit a lot of time and effort to the class!
This is a very difficult class. You would probably spend all your semester studying for this class. The professor is average ( he just reads off the power points) but the way the course is structured, in my opinion is not the right way. 100 questions study guide each test.... Unfortunately, not too many options for finance.
Dr. Pilloff is the best finance professor in Mason. His classes are always taken, so get him before you miss out. He really wants us to succeed, giving us practice test banks and extra credit (for just filling out the scantron info correctly!). He's got video lecs online so you can skip and make up classes. Just don't slack. Keep up with hw.
In addition to the below comment, Pilloff is an awesome professor I have at GMU by far!! U dont necessary need to come in for lectures bc he post EVERYTHING you need on blackboard. Common reason why people do poorly in this class is bc they did not commit enough time and effort. I cant stress enough to say DO the test banks and KNOW them by heart
First time taking finance and I was stressed out on how am I going to do in this class, however, I follow other's advice which is TEST BANKS. I got A's on the first 2 exams so far with the cycle: 1. Look and UNDERSTAND how to do the test banks 2. Do the HW on your own 3. Do the practice MapleTA prob and repeat. Treat this class as your daily habits
Took this in the summer, this course was a lot of work but do able. We covered a lot information daily so be prepared to read and do the problems. He also offered video lectures that really helped me understand better, so attendance is not mandatory. test are 10 problems each with the final been 20. If you can take him, he really knows his stuff.
Practice, Practice, and Practice. I failed the first exam bcz I did not know what to expect. After the first exam, I practiced every day and got 90-100 every exam.
Prof Pilloff is genuinely a highly knowledgeable and smart person. He has a very clear grading criteria and test bank problems from which he draws exam problems. He is always willing and ready to help but he expects you to put in effort to understand the material instead of learning by heart. TEST BANK PROBLEMS WILL SAVE YOUR LIFE!!!!!
He's the best professor I've taken at mason. He's very knowledgeable and knows his stuff. He's a great teacher. He really cares for his students and want them to succeed. Go to his office hours or TAs for extra help. Don't miss his class and pay attention. A lot of homework but it's not too hard. Study test banks for exams. Take him!
Attendance is mandatory but you should show up since he helps you during class with all the lecture problems. This class is doable in 5 wks if you put forth 100% effort. Do test banks and understand them not memorize. Homework helps to get you going then test banks help to make the processes click. Lowest test grade is worth the least, it helps.
He knows his stuff breaks it down to make u understand the concepts not just formulas. I took the class in the summer so we covered ALOT of stuff in a short period. Attendance not necessary since video lectures are posted after class, you have to put in effort to pass. I think all finance classes grade the same. If you try you should do well.
