No longer teaching. Professror Emeritus. Laid a good foundation for future teachers to model. His clarity of thought and instruction has helped me in my upper level courses. Master teacher
Dr. Velleman - and though I took his class nearly 22 years ago - provides a good structural framework for how to approach statistical analysis in general. It helps develop a sense of how it should be done. Listen to this brilliant man. It will do you good. The class I took 22 years ago had a different code, so this is my best guess what it is now.
sounds like someone who did not pass the course last Spring semester got on and tried to repeatedly slam him. He did not even teach the Fall, 2016!
The lectures were actually pointless for this class. MAKE SURE YOU READ THE TEXTBOOK!!! I learned all the stats I know from the textbook not him.
We use DataDesk, a program he invented 30 years ago instead of something more modern. His ego is so big we can't use a real stat program since it was made by someone else. Makes it very difficult to get help cause no one knows how to use his program
He loves the sound of his own voice. Take another professor if you really wanna learn stats
Promises to be "your statistician for life" but ends up talking down to students and using the class to inflate his own ego. Excessive number of ambiguous problems from an overpriced textbook he wrote himself. Take another professor for this required class if you can
I've never heard of having to do papers in a math class but we have almost weekly papers on concepts he hasn't even taught yet
I was amazed that someone could have such a large ego. He acts like he's too good for an intro to stats course, but I think he only teaches it since he gets to sell his textbook to all his students. It's a lousy textbook with many typos and every student pays $130 that goes right to his pocket
Very clear lecturer, excited about statistics. Does have an ego but you don't interact with him much anyway. If you study and practice with the questions at the end of the chapters, you'll do well on the exams. Put in the work and you'll learn Stats. I understand the subject so much better now. Take this class, you won't regret it.
Fine at best. He is disgustingly arrogant. However, if you can get past his ego he is more concerned that you understand statistics overall opposed to just the math behind it, which is good. Some days he can be very boring. Tests are fair and papers (yes papers, quite a few of them) are not terrible at all. Overall not terrible but not enjoyable.
The class is super easy. Go to lecture and do the homework and you'll be set. He bumps everyone up a huge amount at the end of the year.
I took intro stats and although Velleman is known for "taking the math out of stats" the stuff you learn is really useful and applicable to the naturalsocial sciences. And he's super approachable. If you study, you'll do well. When he says he's taking the math out, he just means you don't have to do rote calculations; you THINK and logic it
Takes all the math out of statistics, which has its positives and negatives. Weekly homework and various different assignments required. Tests are tough and require a large amount of critical thinking. Class can be painfully boring at times. Best part of the class is the textbook which Professor Velleman wrote himself. Easy textbook to read.
Great textbook written by him
Velleman is an excellent teacher. I actually enjoyed reading the textbook (which he wrote), due to its conversational style and interesting examples. He posts all his lectures online, so attendance is not mandatory. If you choose not to go, you should still watch the lecture videos - they help with the homework.
I loved this class. Velleman is excellent professor, perhaps the best I've had so far at Cornell. I had no experience with Statistics before his class, but his lectures and textbook were so clear. You can tell that he knows his concepts inside out and he's great at explaining them. I strongly recommend him.
Great guy, conveyed a lot of passion about the subject, and gave a great intro to statistics. He really understands what he is teaching and to whom, and the class is well structured, even though there was some confusion about the textbooks/DVDs. He was also very democratic as to grading exams, removing confusing questions post-exam.
Good professor.
Easily one of the best (ILR) professors out there. The way he teaches eliminates the need for traditional math or calculations, and instead, requires you to critically think and understand data. He's exceptionally smart, but very approachable. Tests are fair, but can be tricky; grades are curved at the end.
