This class is definitely not easy as people say it is. He speaks extremely quickly which does not allow you to write down everything he says. His exams test you on the most insignificant parts of his lectures. I would not recommend taking this course.
not necessarily the easy a it used to be. tests almost exclusively assess the most insignificant of facts rather than concepts taught in class.
Alex Glass has to be one of my favorite professors at Duke. He is very passionate about geology/ bio-geology, and from this, he knows a lot about the relation of these topics to those of human history and interaction. If you allow yourself to see and understand his passions, you will learn a LOT. Take a class with him, and do so with an open mind!
He was a good lecturer and the class had some interesting parts, but some parts were boring because they were too specific. His slides didn't have much information so you have to go to class and pay attention. Average grade was a B. Negatives were him missing some classes and he said he would post grades that night but then posted a week later.
He is a good lecturer. Just pay attention during lectures and take good notes No homework. The final paper is easy because you basically get the entire semester to work on it.
To be successful in his class, all you have to do is show up to lectures and pay close attention. Also, be sure to diligently study for exams. This course is rather straightforward if you take it seriously. Glass is rather interesting about 70% of the time but the other 30% can be hard to stay awake.
Alex is super funny and a GREAT lecturer. He is very unorganized but it didn't really bother me. Everybody takes Rocks as a joke NS class, but is NOT as easy as it is made out to be. I made the mistake of only going to class a couple of times for the first test. Didn't work out and the first test made it impossible for me to get an A. GO TO CLASS!!
Prof Glass is fantastic and I loved his oceans class. I'm premed so I didn't have to take his class for any credit, but I'm glad that I did. That being said, don't go in assuming the course is going to be easy. You definitely have to go to lecture and take great notes, but he makes it a ton of fun and lecture is never boring.
No work for this class except the tests and one paper. TESTS ARE HARD. Write down everything he says in class!
Amazing lecturer, very funny, slides don't have many words so  you have to process the information and take good notes, exams are the only difficult part but you can do well if you study
EOS 101 is definitely not as easy as people make it out to be. Rocks for Jocks? more like Rocks for Geniuses. The material is boring, but Glass does what he can to make it interesting. Funny guy. Tests are multiple choice but are quite difficult, anything he's ever said in lecture, even in passing, is fair game. Don't skip lecture.
Prof. Glass is an awesome professor. Even if you don't find the subject particularly interesting on its own, you will with him. The class wasn't too difficult but don't go in expecting it to be easy. You definitely need to pay attention during lectures and constantly take notes. The exams are pretty tricky even though they're multiple choice.
Glass is the man - he's a funny, friendly guy with amazing Powerpoints and interesting lectures. Dynamic Earth is NOT easy. Not that hard either, but test writing makes things tougher. EOS 101 definitely wasn't the joke I expected. Pulled all-nighters for the midterms, ended up with a 91 and missed an A by two test questions, but heck, my fault...
I heard this class was easy but it really wasn't. There are only a couple of tests and one paper. Tests are pretty difficult and it's not easy to do well in the class if you don't ace everything. Overall, not a bad class but don't underestimate the amount of studying you need to do in order to make an A.
This was an interesting class, and Dr. Glass is a hilarious professor. However, this class is definitely not an easy A. It is possible if you work hard, but the tests are extremely specific making it impossible to do well if you don't really know the material. I recommend this class only if you're ready to do work even when it's not "assigned".
Glass is geeky adorable and a fantastic lecturer - I really learned a lot in his course and he is entertaining and creates spot-on Powerpoints. I went in to this class believing the "Waves for Babes" reputation and expecting an easy A, but I studied really hard to end up with a B. Take the first test very seriously, that's where I went wrong.
Great professor with great lectures. Barely any out of class work but the tests are very difficult. Be prepared to study a lot for them and don't expect an A.
EOS 102 is an interesting class. Alex Glass is a great professor and his powerpoints are the best i've seen in all my life. However, many people drop after the first midterm, only 20% or so get an A and the rest will get Bs and Cs. If you love to memorize information you will not likely use after the class (unless you major in EOS), take this class
Professor Glass is hilarious. Tests are a bit tough so make sure to study the fine details. I would definitely take him again.
Professor Glass is excellent in clarity and conciseness, so long as you attend class. I took this class thinking it would be an easy A and while I got the outcome I wanted, I studied hard for the tests. If you do not show up to class, there will be questions that he only gives information for in person or over audio (and I wouldn't count on audio).
