ExcellentDr Campbell is caring students, his teaching method hilarious lecture. It is U of Memphis has such an awesome professor! A+
One of my favorite teachers. Very honest. So funny and smart. Gives feedback if you ask.
He's a great professor who really knows what he's talking about. If you need help go to him in office hours or any other time you can meet and he will help you with all your questions. If you don't go to class then you won't do well on the tests. All his tests are short answer and essay questions. If you don't like writing, beware!
awesome!
Dr. Campbell is the reason I became an economics major. His lectures are witty and engaging. He also gives a lot of extra credit opportunities as well as a drop test.  I have taken him for over 4 of my Economics course and will continue to take his classes at every opportunity.
Dr. Campbell was a great professor!  He is very clear with what he expects from you.  Funny guy, and loves to interact with his students.  I took him for 2 different classes,and loved him. He takes attendance, but isn't "mandatory" BUT it may be considered when he is calculating grades. Just show up and take notes.. Easy A.
He is the best professor i have had so far! Super funny and makes the class interesting and if you take notes, you will have all the answers to do great on the tests. And man is he nice to look at.
Made the class interesting.
Dr. Campbell made class fun.  This is the only class I didn't skip all semester because I loved going so much. I didn't need the book at all, the test questions are straight from his lecture notes. He's hilarious too!
Good ole Doug.  I absolutely loved him.  Such an easy class if you pay attention and do all of the extra credit and homework.  Tests aren't too hard, either, and he makes things interesting.  He's pretty funny, too, and mentions his "selfie duals".  I'm taking him again for Micro next semester.  Great guy and great professor.
The best professor! Everything that he has been awarded at this university, he completely deserves. He actually made economics enjoyable which can be hard to do. He keeps class interesting with witty stories that relate to the topic, but he is extremely professional all at the same time! Exams are fair, just study which he always emphasizes to do
This is my morning class so I had a lot of trouble actually waking up and going to it.  But I still went most of the time because the lectures were interesting and Campbell was a funny professor.  Read the book and you'l l be fine for the tests
Dr.Campbell is an awesome professor! He's very knowledgeable &amp; enthusiastic which makes his class a joy to be in. I knew nothing about econ prior to taking his classes &amp; it's now my minor. Attendance isn't required but a must if you want a good grade. Tests are over lessons in class but it helps to read the book as well. Definitely recommend him!
Dr. Campbell is a great professor. He is very energetic and entertaining. He is also very smart and an all around nice guy. He does his best to keep the class interested and the work load is very reasonable. If you pay attention and try, you should do just fine. He is also hip. TAKE HIM! He's the best!
He's an awesome professor. He's very passionate and he makes things easy for everyone to understand. I'm an Economics major, and his class seemed to be easy enough for all.
4 exams. First three, drop one, remaining two = 50% of your grade. Fourth is mandatory comprehensive = 30% of grade. HW is 20% and on line. Gave us extra credit work that added 5 points to FINAL average. Attend every class, take good notes, and get easy A. Lazy student beware. He teaches very well, learning from book is very hard. Attend class.
Best Professor ever. Class discussions were very interesting and helpful to the subject at hand. Follows the book. Definitely study for tests, but if u study maybe for 2-3 hours(reasonable) you should do fine.
I loved this class! Prof.Campbell is by far the best professor i've had. He is very engaging with the class and makes the lesson as clear as possible. Definately recom. this professor.
Easily the best professor I have had in college so far. You definitely have to study, but he is always very engaged in teaching and isn't too bad to look at either
Dr. Campbell is amazing! He made the class interesting. DO ALL OF THE EXTRA CREDIT PROBLEMS! Ask him what CD he's going to buy for more extra credit. Also ask him about his first night in Memphis! Book is ONLY for extra credit problems. Exams = everything he writes on the board! 3 exams plus the final. He drops one exam grade. I got an A.
