He is a pretty good professor, even he always talked about the other than class information during the class.   However, he gave us a lot extra credits, if you attend every class, you will win those extra credits, it helps you pass the class easily! Part questions of the tests are similar with the homework.
tough
there is 120 extra credit just to subscribe to WS journal! if you can't pay 12 bucks for a newspaper you might as well not take the class. Attendance is not required but there is extra credit given also when not many people attend. the tests are hard but they are the same as the HWs which he answers prior to submitting the HWs on the same date.
I don't know what everyone is tripping about, this was honestly the easiest class. If you took any ecn in high school this class is cake. On the three tests I got 100%, 77%, and a C? I think? but ended up with a A+ in the class. Filer isn't that bad. Lectures are sometimes boring, sometimes interesting. The 3 hr session sucked. Gives extra credit!
Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT take Filer. The exams and homeworks are not covered by anything in his lectures, nor  the textbook, nor the lecture notes.  I originally regretted buying the WSJ for this piece of sht class, but he adds on 120pts of extra credit if you do. You wanna pass? Head to ECN tutoring.
This class is HARD. Lectures don't really cover anything that's on the exams... Be prepared to study the posted "Pizza" packets and make sure you READ THE BOOK. Participation in class results in bonus points. While it is difficult, it is possible to get an A, you just have to put in the work.  Not recommended for those who don't like to read.
It's 90% concept based, very little memorization. Didn't buy the book, never used the WSJ, stopped taking notes after day 2; finished the class with a 101%. Only 13 of students attended class: that's a mistake. I went to lectures, spent about 10 hours total on the 4 HW assignments, and never studied. Didn't have to take the final; easiest A+ ever.
Hands down the worst professor I've ever had, and I'm working on a second Bachelor's so I've had a few.  I've never felt the need to go on this website until I took his class.  He talks down to his students and often strays so far off topic that he loses his audience. DON'T BUY THE WALL STREET JOURNAL and you can't sell the book either.
The tests in this class are very tough, but they are based almost completely on the homework. You must attend class to pass. My advice: Get a study buddy that's in the class and truly master the content in order to pass the tests. He throws out one test grade out of four.
please read the reviews. i actually did, but still took the class and it was a big mistake. im usually an A and B student, and i really worked for this one. It not that the material is super hard, its just that he talks about it broadly and doesnt give you the tools to help you understand it. Dont buy book or WSJ. had to use lots of outside sources
Very difficult class. His posted lecture notes are essays that hes written ages ago. Lectures are difficult to follow due to him rambling on about obscure things. Doesn't use PowerPoint or very many visual aids. I don't recommend him for a professor at all and wish I would have picked someone else.
While many do not like his teaching style, I believe those are the people that don't pay attention or are on their computers during class. If you go to class, listen to his lectures, study for his tests, and just generally care about the class, you will do just fine. I really enjoyed this class, it just takes a little effort to succeed.
I really wanted to like this class. Filer was clearly very emotionally-invested in the material, but the lectures are completely unrelated to the homework and exams and he even acknowledges his own poor teaching methods and excuses them.   I don't recommend this class. But if you do take it, you don't need the bookApliaWSJ subscription.
Personally, Dr. Filer is the worst professor I've ever had. His lectures are impossible to sit through; he rambles and the content is irrelevant. He doesn't prepare you well for the exams at all. I learned more from the tutors than I ever did in class. Studied for hours and still didn't do well on the exams. I would not recommend Filer.
I liked Filer as a person and I think he is very knowledgeable, but he just simply can't teach. His lectures are kinda scattered, he gives random weird examples that make no sense, and it is just so darn hard to stay awake during the lectures. He does curve, and gives out homework answers, but you basically have to teach the whole class to urself.
I'm an exchange Italian student and Filer is the BEST PROFESSOR I'VE EVER HAD. He may look hostile at first, but is completely the opposite. FRIENDLY, HELPFUL AND TOTALLY COMPREHENSIVE when it comes to know him personally. He knows A LOT, makes real life based examples and tries his best to keep lectures interesting by involving students. RECOMMEND
I am an Italian exchange student and Filer is the BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD. He may appear hostile, BUT HE'S COMPLETELY THE OPPOSITE. HELPFUL, FRIENDLY, TOTALLY COMPREHENSIVE. He knows a lot of things and he's very clear in his lectures. He also tries his best to keep them interesting and make real life examples.
The material is a bit confusing and the test are still tough even after going to all the classes. The teacher does seem to really care about the material, but he often rambles a lot. I would not recommend this class.
Personally, my worst teacher. Lectures dull with little to no relevant material that will help you on tests, much less with comprehending economics. Doesn't teach and even acknowledges it. I had to resort to help from peers to pass. Doesn't invest in his students and demands respect that isn't deserved, or given based on the lack of attendance.
Overall, he is a very discouraging professor. There were many times where I was tempted to walk out of class during lecture.
