Awesome lecturer. He actually made gen chem fun which I thought was impossible. Great guy!
Good overall
paul is an amazing professor.  his lectures were like chapters - each one with key developments and players.  his exams were difficult, but fair, and he was very willing to assist on hw granted you attend office hours.  he's friendly and funny and an organized, clear and effective lecturer.  he can be patient - but he expects a high level of effort
Chem was always a problem for me, until I heard about this great prof, Paul Chirik.  He made some of the most difficult areas very easy to understand.  Great instructor.
A couple years out, I now realize he is just an entertainer, not an scholar. Hopefully he matures into a real educator some day.
He is hot and a great teacher. Sure his tests are hard, but he makes you think and grades fairly at the end.
Great professor. Very clear and very funny. I loved going to class cuz Chirik was interactive and friendly and the material was interesting. One of the best lecturers I have seen. If you want to learn chemistry (thermo, kinetics, etc.) start with chem 215, esp with Chirik.
Definitely the best professor I've ever had.  I never wanted to miss a class because they were so fun.  The exams and problem sets are hard though, but he makes the class totally worth it! Also the class is "chemistry according to Paul Chirik" so you don't have to read the book!
Chirik's lectures are a blast... literally. However, the quality of the lesson could be better. Hes absolutely adorable and really funny though. Everyone loves him.
Good professor.  Very funny.  His tests were okay, learned a lot in this class.
Great professor, amazing lecturer, and great class.  He really made me interested in chemistry.  Tests are very difficult, but fair in general.  He seemed to become more patient with answering questions towards the end of the semester.
Chirik has a great passion for chemistry and relates what he's teaching to reality.  His tests are very difficult, but they push a student to do their best and then get better.  Chirik expects students to work hard and think and act like scientists.
A funny teacher, but sometimes takes time from class telling jokes and goes off topic. The demonstrations are always fun and his sense of humor keeps students awake in the morning. The labs for the class are hard and the tests are even harder, but the curve is generous. However, intense studying is required and the problem sets are sometimes hard.
Great personality - cracks a lot of jokes and keeps class interesting, resorting to his humor and many usually awesome demos.  Does a decent job teaching the material, though it isn't always clear.  TA &amp; office hours help alot.  Workload is reasonable, but prelims are rather difficult.  It's a good class.
Problem sets can be daunting, TA office hours are incredibly helpful. Problem sets are often not as hard as they appear, sometimes just weirdly worded. Funny guy during class, keeps it interesting. Sometimes doesn't give examples which makes it hard to know how to apply some information, but generally a good professor.
Problem sets were confusing, exams even more so. Lectures mostly consist of him deriving formulas on the board. This class convinced me not to major in chemistry.
Umm... I enjoyed the lectures while i was still in this class. They were really fun and interesting. His prelim was seriously ridiculously hard and because of it I dropped to 207 in the middle of the semester. He doesn't exactly teach for a test so even if  you think you understand the information you still could have a problem on the prelim.
This guy is the best freshman prof I have had.
awesome personality. really makes the lectures informative, scientific but every understandable for the student. take notes. go to lecture. go to office hours once in awhile, especially before prelims/final.
Chem isn't gonna be easy unless you're already good at it. Chirik is really funny and is a good lecturer but dont let his charming personality fool you, the class is still difficult. Go to every lecture and take good notes.
