THIS IS A FLIPPED CLASS! This means you MUST be able to learn the material on your own by utilizing the textbook and provided reading guides, and then Dr. Fus uses lecture time to review, cover difficult concepts, and provide example problems. Be prepared to learn the information before lecture, and come to lecture with your questions.
He is the most amazing prof in chem I have ever meet. Although he assigned lots of daily grinds, most of them are not graded. Doing those helps a lot in improving grade. Recitations are easy and interesting.
One time I asked a question in class, and Dr. Stoltzfus responded with an answer heavily laden with contempt. I think there is a more professional way to communicate to me that this is a better question left for the TA lab.
Out of all the chemistry professors, he is the one that will teach you the material and make it feasible to pass with a decent grade. He holds several after class help sessions which include office hours and peer study. You'll want to go to those if you want to pass or else it'll be much harder. He explains exactly what you need to do to pass.
His teaching style doesnt really work unless you have extremely good discipline. If you take this class with him don't expect to learn any new information in lecture. Taking his class without having very much previous chemistry experience was excruciating. Be prepared to literally teach yourself the entire class. He was really nice &amp; accessible tho
Not gonna lie I was a little worried coming into to Chem 1210 because of its reputation of being a super hard class. However, Fus does a great job explaining concepts and he gives you all of the tools and resources that you need to succeed, so use them! Great teacher, great guy. Hoping i can transfer to his 1220 class this semester. Wish me luck!!
Dr. Fus is one of my favorite professors at tOSU! While his flipped learning style may not be for everyone, if you put the time and effort in before class, you are given the tools to succeed. Fus is also inspirational and likable as well! To succeed: read the book, watch the lecture videos, do the practice exams, and still go to class!
Dr. Fus is a great person who cares about his students, however in my opinion he is a terrible lecturer. He loves to give motivational speeches and many times you have no idea what he is talking about, content wise. He expects you to read, and provides many resources to excell in the course. He knows a lot about chem, but he does not explain well.
Dr. Fus makes you work for your grade, but that only because he has a reversed teaching style. In other words, you teach yourself and go to lecture to enhance the material you learned. Personally his teaching style gets students to remember concepts more once they learned them. He has amazing videos explaining concepts and he wrote the textbook.
Dr. Fus is a great professor. The tests were the same for every professor and his class always had the highest averages. He does a flipped classroom, so you're sort of forced to study outside of class. BUT you never have to go to lecture if you don't want to. I'd recommend it though, because he goes over tough examples.
Dr. Fus is without a doubt the best Chem 1210 professor. He is very engaging, lectures are amazing, clear grading criteria, lots of practice problems given, and the list goes on. He also cares a lot about his students, and he'll respond to a Carmen message really late at night (3am for me one time, not kidding). Do the work, and you'll succeed.
If you cannot stand flipped classroom beware. Fus is a nice guy but the teaching is not done in Lecture - examples are gone over in lecture and teaching is done through videos that usually cover all of the topic material... usually. If you like flipped classroom he is your guy. He also provides plenty of out of class practice to study on your own.
I understand he wants to do flip classroom but that isn't always possible with students that have a lot of coursework already. If you have time take class with Fus. He doesn't teach you, just tests you.
Great prof, readily available/good office hours. BUT he acts like his class is the only one you're taking. It's a flipped classroom so be ready to read the book before EVERY lecture. Tests are now committee-made (no longer an issue of his being harder.) Be ready to commit a lot of time/effort.
Dr. Fus made my experience with Chem 1220 much more manageable. He truly cares about his students success and made the textbook easier to understand in his lectures. You have to complete pre-lectures before each class which force you to read the book/ watch his flip lectures online and take notes. He has many helpful practice exams.
I chose to take Fus for my second chemistry course because of his high reviews on this site. DO NOT BE FOOLED! He does a flipped classroom so you teach yourself. His lectures are only examples. And he helped write the textbook so if you dont get something in the book chances are he wont help. Take Clark instead. (PS Fus's office hours are useless)
Dr. Fus really cares about his student's success. Gen Chem is not easy by any means, but he does his very best to set each student up for success. However, it is on the student to do all of the work. His expectations are clear, and if you follow them, although it is a lot of work, you should be able to do well in the class.
Dr. Fus is probably the best general chemistry professor that OSU offers. Listen to his advice at the beginning of the semester and work hard, and you will do well. He is pretty easy to meet with outside of class and offers so much practice material and review sessions. His high exam averages compared to other professors' classes don't lie.
Dr. Fus is such a great professor. He seriously cares about helping students succeed, even though everyone else in his department wants us to fail. He does use a flipped classroom, so if you are unable to handle that teaching style, avoid him. If you follow his advice he gives at the beginning of the semester, you can and will succeed in this class
Dr. Fus is probably the best teacher I have ever had. He is great at identifying and explaining the things that most students struggle with, and he genuinely cares about his students' success. His classes' averages on the standardized exams are consistently about 5-10% higher than other professors' averages.
