He loves the squeeze in a lesson whenever he can. Dont expect to have the whole time to take quizzes and tests
Very nice and has good intentions but hard to understand. Has a very thick hispanic accent and teaches very fast. The TA's are not much help. Aleks homework is very time consuming and he does not prepare you for your exams, especially the ACS part of the final. I would not recommend him at all unless you want to struggle. Only upside his grading.
I didn't use the textbook, but I had a decent chemistry background and knew most of it already. He is very helpful if you go to his office hours. He gives homework from the textbook that isn't graded, but he uses ALEKS as a homework grade. KEEP UP WITH ALEKS. Test or quiz every week.
He does care but w/ the thick accent and the messy slides I didnt learn anything from him. Attendance taken and all HW is through ALEKS (online website that doesnt let you move on until youve completed a certain number in a row correct). Even though it was time consuming (hours) I dont think I would have passed without it. Watch for deadlines!
Cons: An accent so thick I got a foreign language credit by the end of the course. Very test heavy - most of your grade will be exams. Prepare to learn by yourself. Pros: Funny, light-hearted personality. Makes class laugh almost every class. Detailed, but disorganized ppt slides.
I don't recommend him at all if your weakness is chem(my case). If you have experience then his class won't be too hard. There's a quiz every Wednesday and a test every three quizzes. Highly recommend going to SI because that's what saved me. He is lenient with grading which helps and make sure to always do the practice problems he assigns.
Be prepared to pretty much teach yourself EVERYTHING. This is definitely not an easy class. You can tell he really likes chemistry but just sucks at teaching. I would definitely recommend taking any other professor. The only plus is that he ended up curving the final.
Very thick accent and FLIES through lectures. Lectures are mandatory, but not helpful. You WILL need to teach yourself. Four tests, weekly quizzes, hw, classroom participation, and a final. 88 is an A, final can replace lowest test, and two quizzes/hw assignments dropped. Don't neglect hw, quizzes, or attendance. Tests come from powerpoint concepts
He cares about your grades, he uses ALEKS as homework, he does in class "Learning Catalytics", those are important so do not skip, he gives review problems before each quiz and exam, there is a quiz every week that are 5 points. He is hard to understand though and you definitely will need the textbook.
Honestly, even though he really likes chemistry and tries his best to make the students understand it, his explaining is not clear and I can't understand anything. I go to his lectures just because of attendance. I taught everything myself and it makes me mad that I had to pay for a course and professor that didn't even help me.
if you're a YouTube warrior take it but don't expect to learn anything from him. Pretty much all the time spent in class for me was a waste of time but I went for the attendance grade. His powerpoints are a convoluted mess. I suggest only doing the problems from his powerpoints and ignoring the textbook. Worst part of the class was aleks...
One of the absolute worst professors Ive ever had. Very heavy accent and hard to understand, and on top of that the slides he uses in class are a complete mess. Very disorganized and does not care at all for his students.
Lord help me. I've never been so stressed in my life. He covers so many slides before a test that it's hard to pinpoint what exactly you need to study. Failed all his quizzes somehow? But did ok on his tests. Literally almost dropped the class because I thought I was failing and I was going to SI.
Do not take class with this professor if you actually want to learn and succeed. He speaks as if he were just talking to himself instead of a huge lecture hall of students who've never taken chemistry before. Doesn't tell you exactly whats on the tests. His powerpoints are all just his scratch work and no explanation. At least SI is helpful.
Talks too fast and has a thick accent. Him and the SI leader will tell you to review the simple problems in the book, but the tests and quizzes will be more complicated. He sometimes holds the class longer by a couple minutes. His teaching style is unorganized. Sign up with a different professor please unless you are ok with teaching yourself.
He is a very kind person
CONFUSING. Quizzes once a week, tests after 3 quizzes. Taught myself everything from the textbook (he luckily goes by it exactly). Classes are mandatory yet his power points are gibberish. They have endless equations with no explanation. He speaks at a mile a minute. Don't get me started on ALEKS. Takes 3-4 hours to complete 8 topics. Stray away!!!
Patino is an excellent prof. He loves when people go to his office hours and will help you understand the material. Do the homework and practice problems he gives you and you can pass. you only need a 63 for a C. I studied the night before or the day of for all exams and quizzes and got an A on everything. Hw helps you understand the material a lot
One of the worst teachers I've had so far. I think he may do better one on one or with a smaller class, but he's so unorganized that I doubt it. I've taken classes with harder material, this class just sucks because of the professor. Take literally anyone else, or just teach yourself because the textbook doesn't do a bad job explaining.
I enjoy science a lot and have never had trouble in science classes, but this class was honestly awful. If you speak fluent Spanish you might be okay but I understood about 4 words every lecture. He means well, but I ended up having to teach myself everything. He also doesn't input your grade in webcourses until the end of the semester.
