Overall amazing professor
Excellent professor, clear lecture and easy exam.
Excellent professor, I took his Calc 1 and Calc 3. His legendary "are you with me" is still in my mind.
Awesome professor. He didn't let the idiots interrupt him in class and he was always available in office hours if you had any questions or needed any help.
Literally the most amazing professor I've ever had. Cleared up in 50 minutes what has baffled me for over 3 years
I have now taken APPM 1350, APPM 1360, APPM 2350, and APPM 2360. Out of all four classes, Bhat by far was the best professor I had. Really makes clear examples and goes in depth. I learned stuff for real for the first time in that class.
Very engaging and helpful teacher. His lectures always have the best analogies, and he manages to make even the most difficult content appear conquerable.
He's really funny and easy to follow along with. You can make his lecture a drinking game for every time he says "Are you with me?" You definitely have to put time in outside of class or you won't pass, but a pretty standard math class with a dope teacher. Also don't buy the textbook because it comes with your webassign login
Wonderful in lecture for a calc class!  Our time was filled with students on the stairs with people from other professor's lectures.
Dr. Bhat is very energetic in lecture and goes over good examples while explaining every part of the problem. He will definitely help you have a good semester.
Sujeet is literally the best professor at this school. He wants you to learn and he will help you get there. This class was really hard (class average at around a D) but he curves and you really enjoy the class anyway! Which is saying something. He's the greatest.
Sujeet is a kind man and a wonderful teacher. He truly cares about his students and will do his best to explain things. I enjoyed all of his lectures, and his teaching style is both hilarious and clear. The only complaint is the way he structures office hours. He only works with one student at a time on just one problem that many have questions on.
Awesome
Sujeet is the best! He is a funny and engaging lecturer who almost always gets his point across. His tests are extremely difficult, though, so it'll take a lot of work (he writes every test though, so you're not escaping this by getting a different teacher). It's better to have the professor who actually writes the exam. Definitely recommend!
He is a great professor, and his class is very interesting,  but his tests are so tough.
I had always assumed my math professors in college would be dry, boring people. Sujeet proved me wrong. He's hilarious, has a very deep knowledge of what he's teaching, and teaches with precision. Honestly, I look forward to his class and would highly recommend.
Gives very clear lectures, helps you if you need it. Also he writes the tests so he tells you what you need to learn in lectures.
Sujeet is the MAN! He is the best math teacher I have ever had by a long stretch. He writes pretty tough tests, but if you take 5-6 practice exams and attend every class and don't nod off you can do well in the class.
Sujeet can do no wrong. He's the best math teacher you'll ever have.
One of the only teachers of math that can make it funny and somewhat interesting. I enjoyed his lectures, he is very funny. I have a lot of respect for Sujeet.
