He gave the most useless lectures and the most insanely difficult assignments and tests which did little to further my understanding of the material. I felt like I was going through some sort of NERS hazing process. The grading was lenient though.
Knows what he's talking about. Loves to get off topic.
Really smart guy - studied theoretical physics or something like that at stanford. really wasn't made to be an engr 101 professor. get ringenberg. bielajew's lectures were nearly useless - he just plays around with his code. the GSIs were awesome, though.
The class was very informative and I learned a lot of information. The class handled students of many levels of prior knowledge. I had never coded before this class. The lectures are mostly examples and I learned a lot in Lab. Textbook is past lecture notes that are hard to understand if you have never coded before.
The Prof is a great teacher. He's very knowledgeable and can answer basically every question you throw at him, and he's very helpful during office hours. Not to mention his exams are arguably the most friendly. He was funny and informative during lecture, but most of the learning was done in lab, so definitely go to that.
As a freshman with no prior coding experience, Professor Bielajew made the transition into C++ and Matlab very easy. I learned more in laboratory section than I did in lecture, but Bielajew was enthusiastic about teaching coding and did his job extremely well. I feel prepared for advanced coding courses after his C++ preparation.
Professor Bielajew was great, really funny guy. His first couple lectures were very helpful, after that I mainly learned from labs. His class is admittedly much easier than the other 101 sections, but I came in with no programming experience and now I feel pretty confident in my abilities. I recommend him.
Class was overall pretty easy. I came in with no experience in programming and didn't struggle very much at all. Professor Bielajew just enjoys breaking his code instead of explaining it. Class was basically a waste, I learned everything from my GSI in lab.
If you have previous experience in programming the class is terrible. Way too easy as compared to other sections of 101. He also isn't very helpful when you ask questions.
Bielajew's lectures are a little bit incoherent, and he does not really explain what is behind his codes and programs. Yet he has some funny jokes, and can answer higher level questions. Projects take a lot of effort, but the GSI's are helpful and you learn a lot. Exams are extremely fair, and Bielajew makes sure you are prepared for the exams.
His lectures were near useless and he never actually taught in lecture. All he did was show us his codes etc etc. He also wasn't very helpful when I went to his office hours once and he made me feel like I wasn't welcome there because I was asking simple questions and wasting his time because he is "above me". You learn everything in lab with GSIs
Bielajew is an okay professor. His lectures are not very helpful to be honest, but the labs are. The online textbook is useless and not well laid out, I don't think I've read it once. The class overall is pretty easy. He taught C++ well but the MATLAB section of the course was awful. Very rushed, he seemed to assume that we knew more than we did.
Homework can be a bit rough at times but he is very fair and straight forward. You can tell he cares a lot about the undergraduate class. Had more than a few mind=blown moments in this class. If you put in the work you will do well.
Helpful and means well. His lectures aren't the best, you will have to study on your own A LOT. Don't rely on lectures alone to understand the material. Workload is reasonable, grading is reasonable. Do the quizzes if you want a good grade. Because if you don't do the quizzes your screwed. Makes a lot of corny jokes in class, which can be funny
Profesor Bielajew kept programming on an understandable level. Not going to lie you have to put in the work but believe me it is worth it in the end. He keeps things fun with the projects and the dude has a good sense of humor. Don't be afraid to go to office hours or talk to him!! He is extremely helpful
Super easy class.  Almost too easy in fact.  Even though I got an A, I left the class still feeling like a complete novice programmer.  I wouldn't have minded seeing some more advanced topics in the class.
Very solid professor.  His engr 101 is one of the easiest classes I've ever taken from elementary school to college inclusive.  My only real complaint is that he let's his GSIs grade you however they want, and my GSI chose to grade on participation.  Might as well grade me for penmanship while you're at it.
Does a decent job explaining everything. Occasionally goes off topic and sometimes shows code that beginners struggle to understand.  Book is very helpful and lectures are worth going to.  Can be hilarious at times which is a bonus
Taught C++ well. He made some successful jokes and lots of not so successful ones, but he definitely is great at programming. C++ was good, but Matlab was pretty rushed. He seems to go over a lot of excess material, but his programs are manageable and fair for beginners.
Great professor, treats the class like what it is meant to be - an INTRODUCTION to programming class. also gives interesting applications of the material.
