Hilarious guy with dry Russian wit, but also fair and caring.  Decent lecturer with very good course readers (no note-taking!).  Do your own reading in textbook and  course reader or you won't be able to work the HW problems.  The CME 104 text (Greenberg) is excellent and covers CME 100/102/104 material; buy it before CME 100 and thank me later.
one of the best profs I've had
He is a nice guy
Definitely in my top three for teachers at Stanford. Pretty hilarious and his accent makes everything a bit more fun. Very willing to explain and the textbooks he writes are much better than standard published ones. Very strong emphasis on actual use in industry, which makes his problem sets feel a lot more relevant. CME 104 was ridiculously hard
He likes to make jokes, and he often completely changes the problem when explaining it so students are forced to think outside the box.
Funny professor but difficult class. Be prepared to devote at least 8 hrs a week to one problem set
Funny.  Humor is a bit on the dry side, but it's quirky good.  Lectures are really really helpful.  Really willing to stay after and answer your questions.  Makes psets hard but tests easier.  AMAZING at teaching a concept, really receptive towards you interrupting and answering questions.  Definitely taking him for future classes.
Great class. The workload is very intense, but very rewarding in the end.  The teacher is very nice and helpful.  I look forward to having him as a professor for my upcoming math classes.
Great teacher.  Hard class, but very good.
Awesome teacher. Looking forward to taking the next few classes he teaches in my math series.
Great lecturer, clear and well-paced. Funny without effort.
One of the best courses I have attended at Stan so far is CME 106 and the fact the Prof Vadim teaches it is the icing on the cake. He makes the class real fun to learn. And has the ability to explain the difficult stuff in simple terms. Overall a great Prof teaching a great course!
One of the best courses I have taken at Stan so far. And that too taught by Vadim is like an icing on the cake. He explains in such a way that even the most "difficult" topic is easy to understand
Too Hard!  Good sense of humor but too much work...it dominates my life!  However, a very good professor, his material is very real-world and he is very comprehensive in lectures.
Nice.
Very Good.
His classes are the hardest I've ever taken, but they really are the most rewarding. You will walk out of that class knowing all the material, and it will stay with you
Vadim gives a heavy workload, but his lectures are very comprehensive and he is always willing to help students get a better grasp of the materials. He definitely showed me the application of mathematics in engineering in the real world.
No Comments
Vadim is awesome! His class is really hard, but everything you do is useful and helps you learn, and he's very clear at explaning things, and quite funny in a deadpan way too!
