Sohan is a great guy, lectures are very interesting and relatable to real issues for the real world. I cant wait for capstone!
It was a great class to take. Interesting topics, so make sure and pay attention in class, most of his stuff shows up on the exams.
Contradicting with certain current events buts sets the expectation very high post graduation of the 'real world'. I would take him again.
Prof Sohan is brilliant, intelligent, hard working, insightful and extremely helpful. He is the man! Take his class, you won't regret it.
He is great, very clear in conveying information and very fair in his grading.
Professor Sohan is the best professor ever., pretty funny guy. He makes healthcare finance interesting and he is available whenever you need help.
Sohan teaches complex material in a very clear cut way and takes difficult material and makes it somewhat simple. He goes over every quiz and homework the day it is graded. You must study or the quizzes will kill you. No curve
He is an excellent prof! Lectures were always interesting and he has great study tips. Do the readings and go to the lectures and you will do well in this course.
Take note of actually going to class, recording every lecture, and doing the online practice quizzes are the keys to getting an A in this class. Professor Sohan is a great lecturer and will keep you engaged in this class.
Quite honestly he is the most helpful professor in the department. Without a doubt would not have gotten an A in the class without him!
Professor Sohan is a really good teacher. He is very funny and interesting and make all the lectures fun to attend. The test however were very difficult and I could not get a good grade.
Great course, well taught, excellent lectures, precise and accurate testing... Go Sohan!
Awesome Professor!! He makes this class so interesting. He relates everything with a story which is really helpful and makes you remember the material. Really great Professor!
Sohan is a great lecturer, if Healthcare Finance is your field or of interest, I would recommend. He cares about the field and is well educated but still very approachable. Quizzes and tests were hard, takes serious studying to get a good grade, but it is possible.
Super consistent professor, dedicated to your success. 10/10 -would learn from again.
Prof Sohan is a great teacher and person in general. Always available to help in any way he can. Teaches the material in the simplest way possible so everyone can understand. Tests aren't easy but he prepares you well.
Make sure you work and understand the material. If you do the work you will do well. He never hesitates to offer help on a concept and will make sure you understand it. His lectures can be long but they're generally entertaining. I really enjoyed taking his class.
Professor Sohan knows his stuff!!
What a professor. He is the real quality professor every student hopes to have. Polite and generous and he truly knows how to teach. Educated and that's why he knows how to pass it on. A true value..
Sohan is Super helpful. You definitely get a good background. The class is hands on. He will answer any questions you have and will help you outside of class. He's  all about making yourself marketable.
