Bio 180 is probably the most well-run class I've taken at UW. The topics are well organized, the learning material is clear, and there is plenty of help available. The way the lectures are formatted is really interactive and interesting too. Great professor and class!
Dr. Freeman is an amazing professor! He knows how to handle a class of 600 freshmen and sophomores, and is able to get the facts and points across in a clear and concise way. Additionally, he is great with providing other ways to explain the topic, and is kind when someone may have a question wrong. Also, he his reading quizzes are definitely easy!
What a great class. Information was well organized, lectures were interesting, expectations were always clear. Polling in class was especially helpful because many misconceptions could be corrected right away. There was a lot of information to digest, but it worked because each piece was gone over multiple times, and help was always available.
By far my FAVORITE professor! He is an expert in his field, and really knows what he's talking about. Bio is not easy, but Freeman makes it interesting and doable- an added bonus that the class uses a textbook written by him, so his lectures go along with it perfectly. If you have the chance, TAKE HIS CLASS!
Lots of higher order thinking questions on exams, memorizing the textbook will NOT help you in this course. Get ready to read!! Very nice and accessible outside of class. Low tolerance for "stupid" question, ie the examples already discussed in class or lab. Overall, he is so awesome. 10/10 recommend!!
Do the homework, do the quizzes, do the study questions, and go to office hours. You'll be fine. Freeman shows a passion for teaching and the subject matter, which makes a huge difference. He encourages you to be proactive in your learning and community as well.
SUCH an amazing professor and made Intro Bio so easy to understand. Once you realize the contribution he's made to the field of Biology you understand how intelligent and inspiring this man is. He's really great at teaching and exams aren't that difficult. It's a weed-out class but it was enjoyable and interesting.
Great professor, makes a weed-out class actually fun. Go to office hours at least once a week, it makes a big difference when you're in a 500-person lecture.
BIOL 240 Intensive Introductory Biology: Human Health Emphasis It is 15 credits and all of intro biology in ONE 10 WEEK SUMMER QUARTER! It is not easy but doable. Freeman was one of three profs. His lectures were perfectly put together, his tests are at a very high level, but if you truly put in the work, follow the process you will do well.
He is amazing! So passionate and involved. He is my favorite professor at UW. Take his class and go to office hours!!!
Hard class, but Freeman is a nice and funny professor that genuinely seems to care about his students.
Freeman truly cares. He makes lectures interesting. Fave STEM prof at UW so far.
Dr. Freeman was one of the best teachers I've had at UW. He really cares about students and it shows in his lectures. He explains the material in great ways and always has examples to help. It's not an easy A class (obviously) but he really does make the material easier to understand versus other teachers. His office hours were super helpful too!
Lectures are so helpful and actually very interesting, time goes by fast. Always willing to help and very encouraging/motivational professor!
All I can say is heck yeah. My favorite science teacher ever, dr freeman is hilarious and inspirational, and he is also very obviously passionate about biology. That passion is easily transmitted to his students
The best professor at UW, in my opinion. He's caring, knowledgeable, and accessible. Go to office hours, volunteer in class, and make yourself stand out. The class is huge, and he's an important guy in the bio department. His lectures are perfect, and he has a passion that really makes the class exciting and gives you a sense of curiosity. Amazing!
I loved Dr. Freeman. He does a wonderful job of explaining topics and he is obviously very knowledgeable and excited about the subjects. You really do need to read if you want to do well on the exams. They aren't the same as the quizzes, simple memorization will not be enough to do well on the exam.
Dr. Freeman is the most engaging professor I've had at the UW. He has an intense passion for teaching and learning and you'll leave this class feeling that you've learned more thoroughly than any science class you've taken. He cares about students and their success, so attend office hours, they're amazing.
Enjoying the lecture and polling questions
Dr Freeman is pretty intimidating, since he wrote the textbook used in this class. But once you get to know him he is a really great guy and knows what he is talking about!
