DK is a wonderful prof who cares about making connections with students. He was always encouraging us to meet with him in his office not only for academic help, but to get to know us better. He was very engaging and is one of the better professors I've had at Bryn Mawr.
Assigns like 300 pages of reading a class but only 20 pages of it is mandatory. Makes you do reading responses that are pretty easy to BS. Easy enough to get by in his classes but they're kind of a waste of time. He might have known what he was talking about back in the 80s, but times have changed for sociology and DK has not.
Hes an idealistic man and very knowledgeable. However, the amount of reading that he requires is over the top for a 200 level class.
good
DK is extremely arrogant! He will twist your words and ideas to make it into his own!
He just drones on during lecture. His lectures feel like an eternity, he is a tough grader and can never seem to clarify anything. He's all about office hours, I prob would have done better if I went to them
He is a great professor and got me interested in sociology. He is a tough grader because he partially expects you to read his mind, but if you talk with him and ask questions about your assignments you will do well. He knows what he is talking about and encourages class discussion.
Sometimes his idealism got in the way of practicality. Good course, good man, you will learn a lot. However, he just sometimes had grand plans and ideas that didn't work out so well in practice and he got mad when they didn't work well.
love professor karen. he asks a lot, but the readings are always right on, the memos are always thoughtfully read, and he's always up for a good argument.
Love it or hate it, Karen's classes are truly democratic. If you know what you want to get out of a class, he's more than happy to oblige.
David Karen sold me on soc. before I'd ever taken a class.  If ever there was a guy in love with his field! I envy the '08 soc majors who get to have him as their major advisor. You'd be hard-pressed to find a more understanding and helpful professor- definitely worth the effort to make it to office hours.
No Comments
No Comments
No Comments
