Great teacher
One of the best professors i have ever had. you have to put in a  lot of effort for this class, but it is worth it. Very entertaining man. You can tell he wants his students to do well
By FAR the absolute WORST professor I have ever had. Terrible teacher, does not explain any course material. You basically must learn everything yourself. If I wanted to teach myself Accounting, I would not have paid a Big10 University to have some monkey scribble gibberish on a projector and tell me to learn the material on my own.
Organized, professional, smart, prepared.  He tells you exactly what you need to do to 4.0, and its a lot of work for a sophomore, but you learn a lot and learn how to study for accounting classes.  My favorite professor.
Dr. B is the best professor I've had at Michigan State. I can definitely say that I have learned more in his class than any other class I've taken and since his course I have decided to pursue Accounting. He likes to put tricky questions on exams, but always read them 2-3 times and make sure you get every last detail!
Difficult course. Great professor and if you work at it, you can earn a good grade. His quiz and test questions are tricky, watch for the wording on them and you'll be fine. Also, the questions contain many parts. Overall, great teacher, quizzes and exams are curved so the course is fair.
You learn more in this class than any other pre-core business class. Exams and quizzes are difficult, but very doable if you actually study and put forth the amount of effort that Dr. B advises. He sets you up to succeed, but your success is completely up to you! Definitely the best class I've taken at MSU so far.
Dr B is the man. Enough said.
He really cared about the class and that everyone learned accounting.
The hardest class I've ever taken at MSU. You have to teach yourself 100% of the material. The class is 50 minutes and he says you can't ask questions because there is no time. If you don't have to take this for your major, DO NOT TAKE IT. Very very difficult
MSU has a top-10 accounting degree program in the nation, that being said, his grading system is competitive and you can easily end up hating the class if you're not earning a good grade. He is helpful though and even though the failure rate of the class is high, he is hands down one of MSUs best professors.
Great professor, anyone who gives a bad rating was just too lazy to seek out extra help or was just dissatisfied with their grade in the class. He worked through problems at a good pace and his lectures were very coherent and clear.
Very enthusiastic about his class.  One of the best teachers.
He is a very knowledgable professor. His class is very difficult though, 2nd highest failure rate at MSU I believe. His tests are difficult and he makes them tricky but there are a ton of resources (help room, office hours, homework, etc..) If you plan on taking him and his class be prepared to devote your life to accounting for the next few months
Dr. B is a boss. This class was pretty difficult for me. However I think it's mostly due to me not taking advantage of the book, help room etc. Dr. B is extremely passionate toward accounting and MSU. His goal is for you to actually learn not just go through the cycle and get a 4.0. Hard class, but easy if you take advantage of the things he offers
This class literally has one of the highest failure rates in the country. However, this is by far one of the best professors at Michigan State. He knows his stuff inside and out, and as long as you put in a lot of work you'll do fine. He is very clear about what you need to have done and about his policies. You will know this stuff by the end.
Professor B, is very passionate about accounting. And is completely if not overly fair when it comes to grading. Accounting with him, is what you put in you'll get out. He has tons of help room hours. You have a group project, and all exams are curved. You have to put your butt, and STUDY STUDY STUDY to pass with a good grade. READ THE BOOK AND CP!
Hands down one of THE BEST professors at MSU. He has a skewed rating because he is teaching quite a hard class. I honestly loved him, and i know a lot of people who did bad in the class, but would have failed after a month if it weren't for him.
He's a really fun prof, my class actually cheered for him after the last class. His class is not easy, though.
If you're an accounting major, you'll have fun. If you're required to take it and have no previous accounting knowledge (like me) you're screwed even if you study. Worst grade I've ever gotten at MSU (2.0).  So difficult! He knows HIS stuff, but teaches it very poorly. Hated this class and this prof was no help.
