Dr. Gould is easily the best professor I've ever had. This is still organic chemistry, but Dr. Gould genuinely cares so much, is accessible almost 24/7, and provides great feedback. There's a ton of homework but only around 75% of it is mandatory. Do all of it (and don't just "kinda" do it - understand every single problem).
Loved him! Took his OChem class online and yes it was really hard, but he made it doable
Dr. Gould is a phenomenal professor. Ochem can be difficult and scary but he knows how to TEACH the material so well it seems to click after some practice on the homework site. Do the homework, ask questions, take the practice exams, and you'll be golden. He's very responsive and will do everything he can to help you understand the material.
Dr. Gould is an engaging lecturer who really cares about his students' success! He has his own homework website which is an amazing tool. Pay attention to lectures, fill out the gap notes, and do as many homework problems as possible. Great teacher who gives you the resources you need to succeed.
Dr. Gould is incredible. Pay attention, take good notes, USE THE HOMEWORK SITE, ask questions. He's always happy to help. He moves pretty quickly during lectures, but they're all online, so you can go over things you may have missed or didn't completely understand. I thought this class was easier than CHM233 honestly. Graded on exams and homework.
Honestly one of the harder Ochem professors out there, but you will get something out of his class if you put the effort into it. The practice exams are ones from previous years so they are almost identical to the test ( best way to study ) and his homework is all for completion, and lectures are posted all online. Very good professor :)
Highly recommend! One of the best professors I've ever had, which is especially important for the course, one of the hardest I've ever taken. Between his homework site, Facebook support group, and videos for review sessions and explanations of problems, Dr. Gould gives you all the support you need to succeed. You get the grade that you earn.
I have learned more in Dr. Gould's class than any other class I've had in college so far. Tests are 90% of your grade, but you have all the resources that you need to succeed. If you do the homework problems and go to the review sessions, this difficult class becomes foolproof. The grade you get is definitely the grade you earn.
Gould is not an awful teacher, but he's not a saint either. Everyone tells me he's amazing, but his attitude and treatment of students this semester begs to differ. He would humiliate students in lecture and get extremely frustrated in class due to technical errors (which happen a lot). We ended up not finishing the material we need for O Chem 2.
If I could give him 6 stars I would. Everything you need to get an A is right there for you.
By far the best organic chemistry class I could have ever taken . Before Gould I had taken organic with another professor and ended up dropping. With Gould he really does give you everything you need. He has his own homework site which is free. You get credit for each question attempted regardless if you get it wrong or right. Highly recommend!
You really don't appreciate what you have until it's gone. I assure you, Dr. Gould is the BEST EVER professor there is. I am his student from last year and I miss him and his class so much. He's very caring and he WORKS HARD to help you understand, from his hw site, videos, FB group, review sessions.. the list can go on &amp; on. Appreciate him people.
Dr. Gould is by FAR the best ochem professor at ASU. Don't get me wrong, the course content is tough, but he actually helps you understand what you're doing rather than just memorizing a bunch of stuff. A little bummed he doesn't use the +/- system for grading, considering I got over 100% in his class, but whatever. He's absolutely incredible.
Professor Gould gives you all the resources to pass! I can honestly say his HW site is amazing , and the quizzes are OK and multiple choice, there are 4 test,NOT MULTIPLE CHOICE, SO YOU EITHER KNOW IT OR YOU DON'T. SO STUDY STUDY . He talks fast and writes sloppy but uploads all lectures to re watch! ALSO NO BOOK only a $20 gapped notebook AWESOME
Class is hard but if you do the homework and practice, you will do well. Dr. Gould gives you all the resources necessary to succeed in his class, its just up to you to do the work for yourself! Showing up to class isn't necessary because every lecture is recorded and posted on his course website.
I was worried about taking this course online but shouldn't have been. By far one of the easiest classes I've taken in college. Dr. Gould always emails back within 24 hours if you have any questions. If you can work his homework problems and do the practice test you are fine. If you can't understand o-chem with Dr. Gould change your major.
Dr. Gould was my favorite professor at ASU. He gives you all the tools you need to succeed (recorded lectures, recorded review sessions, homework site that drills OChem). But YOU NEED TO PUT IN THE WORK. THERE'S NO WAY AROUND THAT!!! He also wrote me a letter of rec and that helped me get into med school (I'm a currently a first-year med student)!
I took second semester of ochem with Gould again. Second semester is so much harder than first semester, but Gould provided us a lot of resources for us to succeed. I learned a lot in his class.
I LOVE THIS MAN SO MUCH. HE IS THE BEST.
I would give this man my first born child. 234 was way harder than 233 in my opinion, but Gould gives you everything you need to succeed. His free homework website is the only way you're going to learn the material, but I also liked going to the 2 review sessions the weekend before the exam. He is hands down the best professor you will ever have.
