Great lecturer!
Interesting material, great delivery in lecture, tons of help from many sources out of class (himself, TAs, CHEM 1057, tutors). Make sure you do as many problems as you can get your hands on, both from the text and from the old prelims that he gives you to study from.
He's definitely a nice guy and tries to learn people's names. His tests are also very fair- he doesn't test you on what he doesn't teach. His lectures are also very straightforward and keeps you paying attention. Only downside is that he's not that clear when answering questions... more of the watch you until you figure it out type.
Ganem is easily one of the best professors I've had at Cornell. He's caring, accommodating towards the demands of college, and an incredible lecturer. His lectures are easy to follow, clear, and organized. Study his lecture notes religiously and keep up with the material and you will do fine on his exams, they're fair and mostly straight-forward.
Prof Ganem is very clear lecturer and genuinely cares about his students. Orgo is hard because of how it's graded but the subject matter itself is not very difficult and there were no surprises on prelims. Questions are very much taken from concepts learned in lecture so go and pay attention-- he doesn't upload notes online-- and you'll be fine.
Definitely attend lectures and do practice and assigned sapling, and you will do well. I always enjoyed his lectures (but less so towards the end of the semester with IR and NMR topics). CHEMM 1570 with Jane Walcott was also very helpful
I struggled in chem2070/80. I was very worried about taking orgo due to everything that I had heard. Prof Ganem is THE man! Even though the material is HARD, his lectures are SO clear and he really wants you to succeed and understand WHY things are happening. If you stay up on your readings and go to lecture, you will be good! Exams are very fair.
Ganem is the worst professor I have had at Cornell. He is a rude and arrogant professor who only favors a select few. Very unfair and poor lecturer.
Bruce Ganem is a brilliant man who is enthusiastic about Orgo. I can appreciate him as a professor, but I truly hated this course. It's incredibly difficult and the pace is super quick. There is a very competitive nature in this class and once you stop understanding something, you get left behind.
Professor Ganem is, simply put, the best professor I've had at Cornell, period. The man is a genius, and he truly is passionate about Orgo and teaching. His lectures are crystal clear, but this is still a difficult course. Lots of studying is required to succeed. However, Professor Ganem makes it all an enjoyable experience. I recommend him fully
Ganem is by far the best chemistry professor Cornell has to offer in my view after taking Gen Chem 1 and 2 and Orgo 1. Out of all chemistry professors I've taken he is the most innately brilliant and teaches in the most organized and understandable way , but is also very personable. I say this even after receiving a lower grade in the course.
OK guys I screwed up big time in his class. I got overconfident on the first exam since I got an A-, then was putting off studying, and fell behind immensely. I don't know how I didnt get an F honestly. He's a great teacher but I made huge mistakes.
Very clear and easy to follow notes. Difficult class, but he makes it as bearable as possible. Look over his notes for the exam, they help  simplify the book
One of the most intelligent and straight-forward professors in Cornell. His lectures are always at comprehensive level. His tests are very hard if you do not spend enough time on the orgo studying. Talking with Ganem will be your most interesting experience if you get closer with him. Dr. Ganem will make Chem 3570 interesting for you.
Probably one of the most straight-forward teachers I have ever had! He teaches the information at a very comprehensible level, and he is a very nice teacher. His lectures follow very closely with the textbook, which helps with understanding. As long as you study, go to lectures, and read the textbook, tests are very fair!
He's a good lecturer despite the fact that he can breeze over topics sometimes. His tests are pretty straight forward and fair. He doesn't post the notes online either so go to lecture and skim the textbook.
A good lecturer but somewhat impatient if you go to him for easy questions. But he is really an expert and prepared for all hard questions that students have. So get the insight for orgo and go to his office hour. He will be very passionate and nice if you have good questions. However normally students still struggle.
Professor Ganem's lectures were always very clear and his exams corresponded exactly to what was taught in lecture. They were very fair if you listened and followed. Aside from that, Ganem was very accessible and helpful during office hours if there was ever something specific I didn't understand
Was clear about his lectures. Exams are fair if you study.
Lectures are dull but he's organized and clear. Nice guy. The type you'd go bowling with.
