Gries is a very experienced professor, with a strong reputation throughout Cornell CS. He provides many resources to succeed in his class: good powerpoints, practice tests, handouts, piazza answers, and TA lectures make this class very manageable with some effort. The prelims aren't too hard if you use the practice exams, and the final is optional.
Prof. Gries is an amazing professor! He explains the material well in lecture, and it's neat to see his personal touch on programming topics, including a surprising amount of history. Let him know if you are struggling: he is kind, willing to help, and cares about students as people. Go to lecture.
Gries is a solid professor. I learned an immense amount about OO-programming and data structures from the course. Prelims and the final project account for most of your grade in the course (particularly prelim 2). Very helpful in office hours. He is very knowledgable and has worked with some of the world's best computer scientists.
Sometimes confusing and can be rude when you try to ask questions on Piazza. He gets the information through, but lectures are not terribly interesting and he is very particular about certain things.
Boring lectures, useless ppt decks, not sure what he is doing on class.
Amazing professor with great lectures. He tells you exactly what you need to know more clearly and concisely than any other professor I've had. Some things can be unclear if you learn them on your own so try to pay attention and follow along in lecture if you can.
Snippy when it comes to answering questions (online), but his answers try to encourage independent student learning; don't expect a polite answer if you ask about something that you can google/check the course materials for yourself.
Very approachable outside of class. Not a hard course if you've taken CS 1110
He knows what he's doing. Your grade is basically based on the two prelims but you also have to do well on the assignments. The final is optional, and if you don't take it you just get the grade you have thus far, which is nice.
I really enjoyed the class. I know a lot of students skip lectures, but I found his lectures to be very useful and representative of the knowledge needed for the prelims. If you do well on the first two prelims, Gries lets you skip the final and take your grade as it is.
terrible professor, rapid unhelpful lectures, very arrogant and rude. projects hurt you but they cant help, only grades that matter are the two prelims and if u do poorly on one that's probably the grade u wil get
Gries is incredibly caring and genuinely interested in helping his students. He can be quite sassy on Piazza, which can annoy some students, but I personally thought it was hilarious and gave him personality. Regardless, he is an engaging and humorous lecturer and is very willing to help you if you ask for it.
Gries is the most caring professor I have seen in Cornell. He makes lots of efforts to help students learn from this lecture. Some of assignments and prelims are challenging though, he and George respond to the questions on piazza efficiently. Go to his OH! It's super helpful, and you will find how patient he is going to teach you.
Professor Gries is one of the most caring professors. His lecture slides are well-written, and he provides student opportunities to have lunch with him. The workload is fairly light and the prelims are reasonable. His lectures are pretty good and he answers almost every piazza question super fast.
Tough class and the lectures were not overly engaging/interesting. Still, Professor Gries knows his work very well and pioneered the field of loop invariants. TAs were helpful even though they graded pretty harshly.
Lectures were pretty interesting. Projects were short and overall the class wasn't that much work.
He's one of the greatest professors I have ever had. He has such extensive knowledge about the subject and is always ready to help. He is easily accessible outside the class. He can come across as a bit condescending if you ask "dumb" questions but ignore that.
The professor was really great! He was helpful and responsive! He replied Piaaza questions very quickly.
Class was very difficult and lectures were little to no help for assignments and prelims. Final is optional which is good, but can hurt you if you choose to take it.  Prelim medians were very difficult making the median very low, but the way Gries curves the class is somewhat confusing. Hardest class I've ever taken.
The exams make up the majority of your grade. When doing the assignments, make sure you REALLY know what you're doing, and understand what's going on if you're working with a partner.
