Honestly, the best professor ever. No professor cares more, or teaches as well. He expects work to be put into the class but if you do it and really take the time to understand it the class is very easy and rewarding, especially learning STATA. He is very accessible for questions and always helpful. Very much recommenced Econometrics with him.
I took Honors Microeconomics with him. He's very nice and will go out of his way to help every student! The class is very difficult, but at the end of the day, he drops 2 quizzes &amp; a test which helps your grade. Even though it's hard, I learned the content extremely well. He engages students a lot throughout the class which makes class interesting.
THIS WAS THE HARDEST CLASS I'VE TAKEN! I didn't get higher than a c on any of the tests and trust me, I definitely studied for them. I was so afraid I was going to fail. He's a cool teacher though. The way the class is (half online, half in class) was horrible. MY ADVICE: read the text book and really focus on the problem sets. STUDY!
Scrogin is a good professor. the new course format is not very good at all though. Got an A so can't complain too much. StudyCube helped a lot too.
The professor is more helpful than the TA. Well at least one of them. But I didnt like the format which was reduce seating, where we see the professor 5 times out of the semester . Had 6 quizzes drops 2 3 midterms drops 1 and a cumulative final.  Economics is a hard subject but I pass thanks for the extra points and dropping of the lowest grades.
He's a great professor, who's put in a pretty bad situation with the new class format. It does make things pretty difficult where everything is being done online, especially if you aren't a good online learner. A good grade is possible, you just need to work for it. If I didn't have all of the extra credit I would've gotten a really low C.
Scrogin is awesome, super funny and nice, but the format of this class is truly horrible (not his fault). You meet 5 times, quizzes are online, exams taken in the testing center. Lots of chances to improve your grade, lowest exam and 2 quizzes dropped. The material was pretty boring for me, but gets better if you put in the work.
Scrogin is a super nice and passionate professor, however the reduced seat time format is not great. There is not a lot of structure, and you have to basically teach yourself all the material. I was in the first section to have the new format, so hopefully it's set up better in the future. Doesn't curve, but drops lowest 2 quizzes and exam.
Don't buy the textbook he posts the slideshows of what you need for free. He is an amazing economics teacher so if you like economics- highly recommend him but he is not the easiest to understand if you don't like economics. Tests aren't terrible just work through previous quizzes.
Majority of the questions on the tests are from him quizzes and his provided problem sets. You can find the answers for basically all quiz questions on quizlet. It'll help to understand the information first and then memorize the quiz questions. I thought this class was a breeze. you basically get all the test answers.
He's a very nice guy but the material can be rather confusing at times. To get very good grades on tests, you have to start studying the material weeks in advance so you know the concepts. Despite this, many test questions come from quiz questions/problem sets. Drops lowest test grade and two lowest quiz grades.
Quizlet is the way to go. Decent and fair professor.
no homework so there's not a lot to buffer your grade if you're not good with tests or have a tough time understanding the material. There are like 3 lectures and the test formats are god awful to understand. I'm not very good with math or understanding word problems but I'm not a total idiot I've made it to the end of college and this is hard af
I took this class with lecture capture. The material was difficult but he explains concepts pretty well. The textbook is helpful if you struggle with economics. When I took him he assigned no homework, but there were activities posted every week that were optional. He posts good study guides and notes so there's plenty to use to study for exams
Take this class if you're just looking for an easy A. I'm an Economics major and found this class very frustrating. If you actually want or NEED to learn this material, Scrogin will not teach it to you. He is very repetitive and includes 10% extra credit built into your grade so that every kid can pass. Easy A, but you will learn nothing.
amazing at describing and elaborating
Scrogin is great, super nice guy and cared about his students (it was a 1500 student class). Quizzes every week to every other week. I am horrible at econ and passed with a B! Quizlet is your best friend for this. He lets you use a 3x5 notecard for the exams too which literally saved me from not failing. Online lectures, didn't even watched them
Most of the quizzes are on quizlet, exams are pretty much exactly like the quizzes, he dropped two quiz grades and the lowest exam (not including final exam). I didn't watch a single lecture since August and I got a B! He also had built in extra credit in all of the exams and quizzes, adds up to 10% to your final grade if I'm not mistaken!
After the final, be prepared to receive 10% extra credit towards your final grade. Plus, he pulls questions from his quizzes, and allows you to bring in a note card. I made over a 100% in the class, and didn't use the textbook once. Would recommend for an easy A
Only showed up to one class, Online Lecture Capture at the time. Didn't open a book once, looked at a lecture or two. Only things you have to do are the quizzes and tests. Tests are taken at a testing center online, however the quizzes are online as well at your own convenience. Word of advice; Quizlet helps you pass.
