Lecture exams are difficult and you really have to know your stuff to do well on them. Theres a curve for each exam. Dr. Samsam really wants everyone to do well and isn't trying to fail anyone thats why he gives the curves. Lab exams are there to buffer your grade but you have to study so I recommend library sessions. Difficult but doable.
Dr. Samsam really knows his stuff! The lecture exams are difficult if you dont keep up with the reading. The labs are easy if you go to the library sessions. The class requires a lot of time but it's definitely doable. He also gives a 20% curve to your final grade, so definitely do all the drawings if you want the full curve!
Very hard class but do-able. WILL make you work for the grade. I had to record the lectures AND read the book
Dr. Samsam was probably the most intelligent professor I've ever had. His class was hard, but doable. The extra credit drawings were lifesavers. He said he would round 87-89s to an A, as I had an 88, but kept mine as B for some reason. Go to class or else he will take the 20% curve away from you.
Dr. Samsam is the most knowledgeable professor I have ever (and will ever) encounter. We did every single page of the book and you need to study EVERYTHING. Study every day if you want to pass. He taught me so much but be prepared for a rollercoaster. He curves generously and wants us to succeed. My raw score was 58.5% and I passed with a B.
Very difficult class but very doable if you put in the work! Gives generous curves and a few extra credit opportunities. Try to do your best in lab as it will greatly help your overall grade!
Dr. Samsam does not make this class easy but it is doable and getting an A is possible. Not going to lie, it was very challenging but between lab, curves, and extra credit you can pass if you try hard enough. Listen to lectures carefully, follow the textbook and power-point and spend A LOT of time studying and you can do it.
This class is by far one of the most difficult I have taken since Dr. Samsam is crazy smart and really wants his students to be ahead of other students around the nation. Be prepared to spend every day reading for a couple of hours, practice the models in the library, and pay attention during lecture. You will learn so much. I would take him again.
Anatomy is hard but prof. Samsam makes it much easier. Go to class, record the lectures, learn his drawings. He's very well respected and if you take his class you'll understand why. It's not an easy A but if you put in time its definitely doable. He gives huge curves on every test but don't rely on that alone. One of the best professors at UCF
Very respected and youll see why. Very caring man and genuinely wants students to pass his course, has an accent and speaks lowly but not impossible to understand. I am the book and the book is me he wrote the book for the course so read read read! If youre dedicated to passing you will! Record the lectures and study ahead of time. Good luck!
Extra Credit will save you...
LAB WILL SAVE YOUR GRADE, stay above lecture average and the test curves will keep you at an A. To me, the class was easier than microbiology but more work. Memorization in this class is the key, use the models in the library for lab and his textbook for lecture, stay ahead of studying and its very possible to get an A. Took this in 6 weeks
Dr. Samsam is brilliant but this class is brutal. I studied every day for hours as if it were finals week every test. Lab will save your grade so pay attention and study often. Was above avg every test but bombed the final (31/100; avg 48) still managed a B in the class thanks to his curves. You do learn so much though so that is rewarding.
Dr. Samsam is a great professor and is really knowledgeable, but it's definitely a challenge to pass his class. Definitely go to lecture, or at least get a good recording of it because tests are based off points he goes over in class + the textbook. Don't slack off on lab as IT WILL save your grade. He curves generously, but only if you show up!
This is probably the most challenging class I have ever taken. You can't take this class as a joke, you should be studying everyday otherwise you will fall behind. Definitely very rewarding when you're finished and see how much material you now know.
Try to sit near the front because Dr. Samsam is soft spoken and has a thick accent. If you don't come to class, you'll find it very difficult to prepare for the exams. Passionate lecturer and test heavy but he also gives GENEROUS curves given how difficult the material is. Dr. Samsam is caring and wants his students to do well.
His lectures are fast-paced, and tests are tough, but he makes you learn the material. Textbook is required, make sure you read it and especially the clinical points. Give his class all the time and effort it deserves. Extra credit drawings can be grade savers, and he gives generous curves.
Multiple choice exams (10) in spring. I almost studied 2 hours in the library very day pointing at models and read the textbook for 2 hours every day taking notes. I attended both scheduled lectures though I signed up for one. He talks very fast and sometimes mumbles but he has lots of extra credit. I had a 59% on Webcourses before the curve and EC
Dr. Samsam's anatomy class is one of the most challenging courses i've ever taken. With that being said, it was also the most rewarding classes i've ever taken. The class truly isn't difficult but that doesn't mean you don't have to work for an A, you learn so much but I loved every minute of it. Powerpoints, textbooks, labs are crucial!
It was an honor to have Dr. Samsam as a professor. He is an extremely respected and intelligent individual. His exams are very difficult therefore he prepared to spend a good amount of time studying. The curves definitely help you, but you still have to put in work.
