I did this for extra credit. Public goods lol
Has many real life examples applicable to Economics. Great story teller and well worth taking his class. Although the final is 40%, he does go over the final study guide in class. Need to go to class to do well
meh not the best. in order to get an A u need over 94%
Dr. Thomas is a great professor.  The incentive to show up to class is quizzes he gives every week.  If you buy the Gregory Mankiw study guide for the class, and study the study guides within, you will most likely pass this class with an easy A.
He has quizzes regularly and there are not very many points in the entire class so be careful! The final is 40% of the grade. Study guide is VITAL. I recommend starting a Quizlet at the beginning of the semester and adding on questions and answers for every chapter. Very interesting lectures to start off your day and get your brain churning.
He is extremely smart and is a great teacher. I learned more in one week with him  than I did a whole semester in 201. The quizzes come straight from the study guide, he wants you to do well and actually learn the material. I would highly recommend him!
Mr. Thomas is always available to help with any material. He wants everyone to pass
Great professor. I think everyone should take this class. I highly recommend it!
Great professor, really love his class.
ECON 335 by Dr. Thomas( I think he would like this new title) has been considered as one of the cost-effective classes by me as a student out-of-state. Totally love his teaching style!!!! Have learned a lot through one semester. Unfortunately, he is leaving Mason.
You need to go to class, because you do not know when he will give you quiz.
Interesting class, you will get great grades!
Inspirational!! Great professor!!
If you go to the class, you will get a great grade!
Cool professor, really help you!
Great teacher!! give many extra credits!!
Really popular and kind teacher, you will learn a lot in his class.
The Greatest Professor and most enjoyable class ever! I even start loving writing this semester because of assigned 12-page case study. A+!
Great Class!! He gave pop quiz but dropped the  two lowest grade.
Interesting class, but he will leave mason, feel sad.
