Probably the nicest professor at UW. He will say "bless you" in the middle of a sentence if someone in the class sneezes, and he does it every single time. Also teaches very effectively. The class is easy to do well in if you look at past papers and review the red parts in the PowerPoints. I would suggest going to lecture, he's frankly awesome.
He is the best professor I have ever had. He cares very much about students, teaches very well and apart from the course content also makes sure students learn what science is all about. He genuinely is trying to make our generation better equipped for the future. The class is easy enough to pass if you do past papers and read all the powerpoints.
Amazing! Lots of extra credit, it's easy and field trips are fun and a great way to meet people. Don't have to go to lectures, but attend the tutorials he has once a week since they're extra credit and cover what you need to know. Labs are chill. For tests, study his examples because they're all basically the same; spent 2 hrs studying and aced it
He is the BEST!!! So caring and just awesome
The best professor at UW
Best i ever had
high key hard forreal, tests are full of trick questions
Terry is a great person in general, although he is so unclear while lecturing and his powerpoints are confusing as well. LOTS OF MEMORIZATION, difficult too. He blurts out information and expects you to understand it immediately. A lot of my peers are just as confused with the material as I am. He does give lots of EC though but not enough to pass
Worst teacher i've ever had in my life. He can't teach, he just blurts out information with barely any context, and uses so much jargon without explaining what it is. Only take this class if you are willing to spend hours stressing out trying to find out what he is saying 99% of the time. The only good thing is that he gives extra credit sometimes.
Terry is fantastic. He's a very animated, patient, effective lecturer who gives tons of extra credit opportunities. He's really passionate about teaching, super nice, and clearly knowledgeable about his field. Really funny too. Even if you don't come in with an interest in geology, ESS 101 will probably still be enjoyable thanks to Terry.
Terry is amazing &amp; you can tell that he is very passionate about the subject and cares about his students. But I wouldn't be fooled by those who say it is an easy 4.0 b/c I came in with that mentality only to find that the subject was very different from anything I had ever learned, the labs were long, &amp; there was a lot of memorization required.
class is not required except for labs once a week. lab is pretty easy if you have a good TA. Tests were kind of difficult, just study off of past exams and you should easily do above average on exam.
This class requires little effort and you can get an A as long as you remember all the test questions. I actually found this class interesting and enjoyed it. There are many extra credits!!!
Terry is THE MAN. He is possibly the nicest, most caring person I've ever met. He is so passionate about rocks it's ridiculous. The actual subject sucks but his energy made the class worth it. Easy class with a great guy. This class is a rite of passage for UW students.
Terry is by far one of the best professors to have at UW! Not only does he offer many extra credit opportunities, but he is also straightforward as to what to study for his tests! You will be pleasantly surprised in his class.
Terry is SUPER enthusiastic and actually cares so much about his students, calls us his kids super sweet! Labs can be tricky and it depends on what TA you have, whether youll be graded harshly or not. Lots of memorization for tests, since its all really details. Lots of extra credit offered, take advantage of that!
I studied for 5 hours for 3 days before exam and got over 90. Final only covers the materials from second half of the quarter. All multiple choice. You should collect the past exams as you can. Lab section, TA are helpful. Some say this class got harder than before, but I feel just little harder. Go to lecture for extra credit Q on exams.
First off: HE'S VERY LOUD! I was excited for this prof, but ended up being confused at the hype. He knows a lot but his class was set up badly, and I never learned my midterm score until after the class was over! The student presentations were a mess and his exams are multiple choice and on small details, not overall concepts.
Professor Terry is a great professor and the class isnt too hard. However it isnt as easy as everyone claims it will be. If you put in the effort to study for the midterm and final then you probably do pretty good. Even if you dont do so well on the tests, you can still pass with a pretty good grade because he gives a lot of extra credit
Terry gets very excited about the subject he's teaching. He has a very cute dog. He's a really stand up guy. He doesn't believe in buying textbooks because he is aware of the unfair prices in the textbook industries so he uses an open source textbook from Canada. You will find Terry to be more than a professor, but a friend.
