Orens is a traditional and competent professor. Each class is a spoken lecture assisted by a topical outline projected to the board. His lectures are clear and insightful; he keeps the content as interesting as possible. He does not allow technology in class. There are several multiple choice quizzes and two "papers" (collections of short answers).
Prof. Orens' lectures and storytelling skills made this class interesting - you can tell he is genuinely passionate about history. He provides review guides for all the quizzes which is very helpful. For the midterm and final, you are required to write a paper (it's graded hard, but if you put effort in and follow his guidelines, you'll pass) 10/10
Professor Orens is caring and wants his students to do well. The 4 quizzes were easy. The midterm/final papers were difficult but still doable. There is a lot of extra credit offered at the end (really worth raising your grade)! If you're not strong in writing nor enjoy history, don't take this class. This isn't a class you can slack off in.
He lectures the whole class, but he talks in an engaging way. His history class was the first history class I've ever enjoyed. He has a few quizzes, but if you study the review sheet, and understand it, you should be fine. The midterm/final are essays and straight forward so just stick to the rules he gives (very specific rules) or you lose marks.
Great guy, very nice and understanding. His lectures can be really dry and you have to take notes off of his talking points. Quizzes are easy as long as you study for them and papers are graded VERY HARSHLY. When I went to talk with his TA about my paper, she ripped me apart and accused me of not using the textbook. Kinda felt insulted by that.
Your only grades are a few quizzes and 1 or 2 papers. The lectures are basically all you need to complete those, so you HAVE to go to class. He does lectures weird though, no powerpoints. He just writes topics on the board and talks about them so you have to write as he talks.
The best teacher one can have, very understanding, very lenient, and very respected. I never liked history but he made me love it. His tests are very nicely graded. The class is an easy A if you right down every word that leaves his mouth. All the tests given will have sample questions from which they will be tested.
You can tell loves the subject and teaching. The downsides are that he doesn't use blackboard so you either ask him in office hours what your grade is, or calculate it yourself. He is strict on grading but he tells you what he wants. there are 5 quizzes which he basically tells you the questions before, and 2 essays that have extra credit (DO IT)
There are about 5 quizzes throughout the semester, BUT the final and midterm are papers. The only thing is he does not use Blackboard so you do not know your grade unless you show up at his office hours. The final and midterm have ALOT of rules, if you take him make sure you do the final and the midterm the way that he wants you to do it.
This guy would put me to sleep every class, the study guide is pretty similar to the quizzes but not exact. They grade harshly on the essays for no reason acting like its an advanced history class...
Dr. Orens is a good professor. Hes very engaging and truly cares about the subject. However, the essays are insane. I got an A on all of my quizzes but a 77% on my essay. I was deducted 23% only because of formatting. Its ridiculous. The essays arent difficult. Theyre just really picky on how they want it to look like.
Prof. Orens is a nice man and he lectures very well. However, if you're not interested in history, it may be a boring course for you. There are four quizzes that he sends out review guides for and there are two major papers--the midterm and the final. The class overall is not hard but make sure to go to class.
He is one of my absolute favorite professors. He keeps everyone engaged during his lectures and story telling. His quizzes are ver easy if you do the review guide. He doesn't tolerate phones, laptops, or talking in his class but I feel that this is helpful for keeping me focused. I would love to take another class with him and recommend his class.
Orens is pretty good, but for his midterm and final he gives papers instead of exams so if youre not into writing, then I wouldnt recommend him cuz hes really strict when grading them
Good professor, engaging. But when it comes to grading papers........ they are very tough and grades very harshly. Honestly don't know why. It's only a 100 level class not 400 level. Gives study guides for quizzes (4 in total). I would not recommend taking him ONLY because of the 2 major essay. Grading is ridiculous! BE AWARE AND TAKE SOMEONE ELSE.
Best professor I've had at Mason so far. He is really nice and passionate about history. Doesn't take attendance, but go because that's where you'll get your notes. Strict about use of electronics, but it keeps you engaged. Gives 4 quizzes, but he gives study guides with all the questions on it. Doesn't give mid-term or final tests, only papers.
The guy's very passionate about history. It's just western civilization so of course I don't really need to go as its stuff we already learned, but I still do, because the guy obviously knows what he's talking about and he loves what he does.
He is really nice and funny. Attendance isn't mandatory but go because that is where you will get your notes. He doesn't use blackboard so everything is turn in class. you only have 2 papers but you have 2 weeks to do them, and they are easy. Test are multiple choice 35 questions. give study guides. NO ELECTRONICS IN CLASS! Easy class. Take him.
Good professor, his lectures are entertaining and he is very enthusiastic about what he is teaching. You aren't allowed computers nor phones in class, which he is very serious about. But besides that, it's a good class to take! He gives you study guides for the quizzes, and they're very helpful. Do the work and you'll be fine!
He was by far my favorite teacher at Mason. I came prepared to hate History but it ended up being the best subject. Though attending class is not compulsory, I recommend showing up and taking notes because the tests are based on his lectures and primary sources. His lectures taught me so much about life and were very deep. His TA's are very helpful
