BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD!!
It's true, King is hilarious. You'll most likely leave every class having laughed at least once. While sometimes he gets off topic, he usually finds a way to connect it back to lecture which actually helps you remember the concepts in the long run. GO TO CLASS, he gives you a ton of hints about what will be on the exam and doesn't post notes online
Lemme tell yall about this man right here. First of all, dudes hilarious. Ive never actually enjoyed a lecture until this class. He makes the topic interesting and entertaining. The powerpoint slides werent lengthy and taking notes was easy. The tests were also a cake walk if you went to class and read: minimal studying. I highly recommend
Dr. King was one of my favorite professors. He is hilarious and makes the lectures feel like a stand-up show (really). Participation matters. King will cut you slack if he knows you are engaged and show up to class! He is a great guy and professor all around.
This class was really easy and entertaining. All of the tests are based on the reading, and most require examples which can be taken straight from the textbook. This class does involve a lot of reading, but if you do it then it is an easy A.
This class is boring. King does not stop talking the entire class and we only get through about 2 slides per class because he for some reason thinks he is wildly entertaining when he's not(also seems like half his stories are made up). Also he doesn't put his slides online so when we don't get through lecture we have to teach ourselves the material
His lectures and the material are both super interesting and engaging. He is so funny and like others have said, very passionate about the subject, which makes it even better. Tests are pretty easy but you do have to read the textbook.
Hes awesome
Awesome teacher, very approachable, very inthusiastic about his work. Overall a great teacher
Dr. King is the best professor I have ever had at CU. Other reviews are saying you don't learn anything from his lectures.... I took a summer course with him and I have never learned so much in one class. His lectures are interesting and information rich. He makes the material relatable and easy to understand and he is absolutely hilarious!
King is one of my favorite teachers I have had, he is an amazing prof and wants students to succeed. He had a lot of family emergencies in the semester I had him but still showed up positive and ready to teach and hated missing class for any reason. Very funny guy with really entertaining lectures. Made me interested in learning content.
He is easily one of the funniest teachers I have ever had! A really great guy who has many years of experience in his field. I wish he could teach every psych class at CU.
If you have the opportunity to take a course with professor King, I highly recommend it! He genuinely wants his students to succeed and makes learning psychology fun. He provides clear and helpful feedback and his exams aren't difficult if you study.
Dr. King's class has been my favorite so far!!! Even days when I was feeling sick or didn't plan on going to class, I went to his because I always left feeling better. I guarantee you will laugh EVERY lecture and the hour will seem like a solid 15 minutes. He loves what he does and comes to class every day with a smile on his face. Great guy!
He doesn't post the lectures online so you have to go to class, but he makes the lectures super fun because he's hilarious. He also doesn't make study guides but the tests are pretty straight forward if you go to class and pay attention. Brett is super understanding and respectful so if you ever have a problem go talk to him!!
Very nice guy but not a very effective teacher. He treats lectures like a stand up routine which can be funny sometimes but other times it is just frustrating when you want him to move on and explain the material. The book is incredibly boring but 100% mandatory. If you don't read the book you will not do well. Also never responds to email.
Dr. King is a very nice person, and makes lectures interesting, however he does not post lectures online, so attendance is mandatory. The book is heavily used on the tests, so make sure to get it. Tests are really easy as long as you prepare, however they were worth 100% of your grade, so make sure you study!
I like him as a person, but as a professor, he was awful. The lectures can be entertaining but he gets off topic and misses important stuff that is needed on the test. You must read the textbook or you will fail. Doesn't post his notes online so you have to attend class and never replies to emails. I attended most classes and still had a tough time
Hilarious and puts on a show every lecture. He's very welcoming and friendly, and I was never shy to go talk to him.
His lectures are really funny and he's a good storyteller but he gets so side tracked that he doesn't ever cover half of the material on the test in class. He's a better comedian than he is a professor. The tests were then super specific on things from the reading while glossing over a lot of the material we did go over in class.
