This class was awesome! An interesting way to fill out a WI course. There are a few papers along with a research paper, and the class is reading HEAVY, but if you are busy, just buy the audio books! You won't be discouraged to the reading if you just have to listen instead. I hate english classes, and this doesn't feel as basic as reg ENG classes.
He required us to watch "What We Do in the Shadows," for which I will be forever grateful! (Also The Shape of Water--also stellar!) You have to read six novels--not a lot by English class standards, but still time-consuming--but I enjoyed all the books and Jeffrey creates a warm and relaxed atmosphere. Great course!
I took the Monsters and Their Meaning class and the reading was very heavy and you had to get through books quickly. However, Jeffrey was a good teacher who was very passionate about the subject matter and always gave very good feedback on the papers you turn in.
Prof Weinstock is a brilliant man. This course is difficult only in that he requires you to come up with your own arguments rather than telling you what to write. Check in with him before you write and you'll do fine. I really loved the reading and laid back of this class.
Weinstock is very arrogant. Emailed him for feedback on a paper, received his feedback, followed the feedback and it was not to his standards. He seems to have standards for what a paper should be that he does not put on the directions documents on blackboard. Although it was tough to meet his standards, he does keep the class atmosphere relaxed.
Professor Weinstock is very passionate about this course. Although there is a lot of reading for the class, the books are an interesting read. The passion he radiates throughout class discussions and lectures is something that doesnt goes unnoticed. If you do the assigned readings and watch the movies this class will be nothing less than a joy.
If you arent passionate about monsters than this class is not for you. This class is more about race than actual monsters. Professor Weinstock is a very interesting man to listen to but is often times unclear with what he wants on papers. He will mark you down points if its not what he wants, even though often times he doesnt say what we wants.
Very unusual class--students designed the units for the course which considered film, science fiction tv, social media, music, and gaming. Dr. Weinstock found readings for each and provided guidance but it was mostly student-led. I could see this going off the rails, but in this case it turned out well. And we went to see Black Panther!
terrible
I took this course online--which I don't recommend unless you are already a strong writer. Something Dr. Weinstock in a final video stuck with me: "I know I'm demanding but my goal is to make sure you are all prepared to do well in other courses and that a degree from CMU is worth the paper it is printed on." I appreciate this a lot.
Professor Weinstock can be a hard grader but he's very funny and is willing to work with you outside of class. Monsters and Their Meanings is a great class and I would definitely recommend taking it with Weinstock! Communicate with him and you'll do fine!
Professor Weinstock is a very down to earth professor. He often has us sit in a circle with him and structures lectures so its more of a forum and not just him lecturing at us. He is extremely passionate about what he teaches and brings amazing energy to the classroom. He respects everyone in the class and really makes an effort.
Professor Weinstock is very passionate about the material he goes over in class and the discussions are a reflection on that. He gives a lot of options for fulfilling the writing portion of the class, but if you read and work hard you will be okay.
This is a really good class--Dr Weinstock clearly is passionate about it and knows his stuff. Reading was heavy but excellent and discussions were very interesting. He grades closely but lets you revise and if he doesn't know the answer to something researches it and comes back with an answer. I wish I could take fantasy/sf again!
Weinstock is really passionate about the HON201WI. That being said, he didn't space out the assignments very well and many of us often felt overwhelmed. Class is discussion heavy and spends a lot of time focusing on readings. Our class had a personal project, and mine was a dumpster fire because of he was unable to help me. He seems unorganized.
Professor Weinstock was overall a pretty good teacher and I would give him a 3.5 if I could. The only issue I had with him is his expectations about the unit essays he gives were very unclear. Students usually come up with their own topics and sources. Other than that, Monsters and Their Meaning is a very interesting and surprisingly useful class.
Prof. Weinstock is definitely a smart guy and knows a lot about his field, but the class was mostly taught by other students. Papers were very difficult and you will work to get an A. Do not take this prof unless you are already a good writer. He can come off as condescending or curt in emails, but if you take time to meet with him he is helpful.
If you have the chance to take fantasy/sf with Weinstock, you shoudl do it. it's a lot of reading, but its great stuff. Weinstock is funny and you can tell he really enjoys teaching this class. He knows his stuff and the discussions were always great. Theres a lot of writing but it is WI and he is clear with the requirements. It was a great class!
He took the "WI" seriously. Everything was a paper and reading. You write a paper on every book, and a 5000 page paper at the end. He is super strict about writing, but he would try his best to help you. He is very very passionate about fantasy and sf works so if you're not I suggest not taking this class. Every every time consuming.
The fantasy and science fiction course with Dr. Weinstock was my favorite class at CMU. The reading was wonderful and led to very interesting discussions. I recommend this course to anyone who needs a UP class and who likes to read. There is a lot of reading though. Dr. Weinstock is an excellent teacher though he grades hard
