This class is an easy A, with a professor who is a lot of fun to listen to. His lectures often aren't about the topic, but more his own experiences and musings. The head TA was very nice and lead a few "homework days" for getting stuff done. Dr Brophy cares about your success and wants you to learn what you need to know, not just get another credit
I took him for a 6 week online summer course. I missed a minimum of five assignments which were weighed heavily. Three assignments were 20 points. One was 50 points and one was even for 100 points. I passed with a B. An 80 or an 89 will still give you a B. All quiz answers are found online. No need to purchase the book. You cant fail this class!!!
Dr. Brophy was an incredible Professor who made learning FUN! He curses tp get your attention... and guess what.... it WORKS! People need to lighten up! I credit him with putting me on the path to becoming the successful psychologist that I am today! Thank you Dr. Brophy! You are awesome!
I hate everything about this class. From the clay models, coloring, speeches, juggling videos. When I say juggling videos - I mean actual videos of you juggling. The class is not difficult; however, I don't consider any of these assignments beneficial to me or my degree.
The TA will be who you communicate to about everything. You can extend due dates if you need it. You will be required to learn how to juggle and there are a few fun and easy projects. There are quizzes and test (I don't remember how many). He gives extra credit and there are a few papers. Easy class I just didn't put in the work for the juggling.
The worst prof I've had between the 2 schools i've attended. Rambles irrelevantly the whole class. Puts passcodes on assignments you'd otherwise could do at home properly. Gives bonus points, but they hurt you if you dont do them? He and TA's do not answer emails at all. grading scale is very unclear and has you guessing your grade for the semester
Best prof for Research Methods! Classes are smaller for a usual UCF psych class, and participation matters. Material is learned through reading the book, and quizzes are given each class on the chapters. Tends to ramble in lecture, but is interesting to learn and applies research methods to real-life situations. No big research paper.
Literally, the best teacher I've ever met/taken (out of all the teachers I've had my whole life. Take him!
Goes off on irrelevant lectures for most of the class. Uses ableist and discriminatory language. The TA teaches and is unorganized. Grades and assignments are posted and due at random. 5 weeks in and havent learned a thing. I have 3 peges of notes so far. Easy A if you come to class and humor him for 3 hours.
I thought his online class was very structured and very clear on what was expected.  Super easy! Tons of extra credit opportunities that there is no reason you shouldn't pass with an A.
This class was an easy A. Chapter quizzes were super easy, as were the tests (4 of them). You NEED the book in order to do well on the quizzes and exams. Come word for word out of text. Mainly get help from his TA's if you need any. There's a juggling assignment, but it was actually really fun. He offers SO MUCH extra credit.
Great Professor!
This professor is great! I took his class online &amp; felt that it was probably one of the  most organized classes but super easy! The material itself is difficult but as long as you read the book you'll do fine. He has ALOT of work due though on the same day, usually a preview quiz, quiz &amp; then some other misc assignments. OVERALL HE WAS GREAT.
Dr. Brophy is one of the best professors at UCF. If you have the chance to take him, please do. He genuinely wants you to know the information, but will also care about  the things that pop up in life and work with you on missed assignments/extra credit. Seriously, if you have the choice between him and any other professor, always choose Brophy.
Dr. Brophy isn't your usual professor, and I think this is what makes him special. In class he tells a lot of stories which can sometimes seem off topic, but I learn more from him than professors who just read off Powerpoint. He really does show that he cares about his students, and he's not afraid to kid with them. Don't take yourself so serious.
poor teacher. If you want to actually learn something don't take him. Lectures are loooong and he gets off topic. swears a lot and doesnt care about you.
Dr. B. is funny, witty, brings more education to class than one could ever hope to receive from a text.  Take him for every class he teaches... he is a remarkable lecturer!   Cares about his students, knows his topics.  There aren't enough words to praise Dr. B.  Makes you want to be there, to learn. Wouldn't trade classes with him for anything.
Nice guy. gets off topic easily.
His class was an easy A, but his lectures were pointless and often unrelated to the class. He tried to use creative tactics to teach us, like making us juggle or make clay models of the brain, however If you actually want to get something out of the class I would not recommend this professor.
Best teacher I've had so far! Awesome lecturer, makes the class interesting (and I have a great dislike for physiology lol), &amp; definitely interested in finding new ways to teach his students things. Also very considerate! Heard the bookstore was selling his book for $200+ and told the students to not buy it/return it. Would take him for everything!
