Amazing professor, amazing lectures. Take this class, you wont regret it!
Eddie is one of the best professors at ASU. He actually cares about you learning the material and not just memorizing the readings. He sets you up to pass the class completely! All you have to do is read the Modules so make sure you buy them!Take it from someone who is in another SCM class this semester with a different professor who is horrible.
His lectures are astounding. He's very pragmatic, funny, &amp; no-nonsense, his lectures make you laugh but also make you think differently. He knows not everyone's a supply chain major &amp; makes the class interesting &amp; educational for all. Go to class, do the 4 quizzes, &amp; study for the exams, he makes it all as easy as possible
The class is very structured and you learn a lot of information. The tests can be a little difficult. Labs and quizzes are easy. Study really hard for the exams, get A+ on the quizzes and labs as you should, and go to class.
Entertaining lectures, accessible during his plentiful office hours. Eye-opening class. I took the online lab and loved it (unlimited attempts and practice video walks you through it). 6 Quizzes (only need to take 5, unlimited attempts), 6 labs (only need 5), and 3 non cumulative tests (do the study guides and skim the textbook)
This professor makes supply chain bearable and understandable to honestly anyone, and the required labs really help you understand the material better along with prepping for the exam - TAKE THE IN PERSON LABS. Attendance not required, but you are going to want to go to class - tests on lecture examples. Overall an average class, a lot of material.
I loved his sarcastic attitude on ideas, it's actually different and refreshing. Exams can be tough, but fill out the study guides, and you will manage. Take good notes in class, as many questions are based on in class examples. Math is relatively easy in supply chain. If you study, you can get an A pretty easily. Lectures are great, go to class!
This should be an easy A if you go to class, read the notes, and study. The exams are basically an in depth version of the vocabulary. Literally I do not see how you can fail this class. Fill out the study guide and you'll be fine.
I don't understand what's wrong with the comments, maybe Deavila comments himself every day. The exams are really hard and the professor is not nice. All ASU dishonest rules are mentioned by him at first, the RPNow and Online Study system were created by him, he does not believe any person in his life. He was teaching as senior instructor over15y
I took SCM300 with another professor but the class was very heavily based on Davila's video lectures. All the lectures were interesting and easy to understand. Even without taking his class I would recommend him. He explains complex topics so well and makes supply chain easy.
The only professor who doesn't care in the most sincere way. His lectures are made so anyone can understand supply chain. Recommend filling out the weekly study guide before/during class. Exams are an easy A if you know everything on this short list. Take the online labs.
He'll make you very interested in Supply Chain Management. Love the structure and content as well as his lectures, very well put together! Make sure you study.
Take this class!!!!!
Do yourself a favor and take this class as soon as you possibly can because it may just make you change your major to SCM.
Eddie is a good instructor, much better than I'd expected. His video lectures are excellent and explain the concepts clearly. He allows you to use notes and the module guides for the exams, and frankly, I believe I would've done poorly on the exams if it weren't for the notes and module guides. I recommend him.
Pay attention to lectures and take extremely detailed notes, you'll def need them for tests.
I honestly don't understand why the comments below say his exams are easy. I exerted so much effort studying, creating module guides, and watching videos and every time I took the exam I would do below average. His lectures are too long and I feel he could minimize them. He seems like a nice person, but as a prof he has impossible expectations.
I enjoyed SCM300 and feel like I learned a lot from the lectures. You get what you put into the course, but getting a C is achievable and not difficult. A lot of the test questions come from in class lectures. Take the online lab, not difficult and quick to fill out. Just go to class and somewhat listen to pass.
He's just funny in a cynical way. Would definitely take his class again. He pretends to hate everyone, but really he hates groups of people, not individuals. If you go visit him during his office hours, he'll be super helpful and caring.
Pretty terrible. Eddie makes the class harder than it should be for non-scm majors. I did fine in the class with a B but wasn't a fan of his arrogant attitude and over the top opinions about school and life. Davila cracks a few jokes that give a slight chuckle but hes a pretty mean dude. Try taking it online or with someone else.
