He is an amazing teacher and comes highly recommended.
Mr. blazak is the man talk about so much knowledge a mountain full and its difficult to get to the top but that's a good thing. the man has done alot for this world he will open your eyes even more.
I loved Randy! He made the lectures interesting, funny, and easy to understand. We had to do quite a bit of reading because he said we would discuss it in class, but he tends to get sidetracked with some of his stories and we didn't really end up discussing the readings. All in all, he has a great teaching style and I would 100% take him again.
Randy is a great guy. He's really professional but feels like you are cracking a cold one with the boys in a Friday morning. Truly adds great value to your life and changes your ways of thinking about issues.
Professor Blazak is very inspirational, very knowledgeable on the subject., and very involved in sociological issues outside the classroom. I really enjoyed his lectures, definitely learned to see things with a new perceptive. Offers opportunity for extra credit, and also emails sample questions that you might see on quiz's or tests.
I took a 1 credit Pass/No Pass class with him. He doesn't post his slides and the final was way too extensive for a class that isn't even graded. Not to mention I'm sure 30 mins of the lecture could have been cut out if he didn't go off on tangents every 10 minutes.
I only took a two-week P/NP course with Randy which was one weekend lecture, some reading, and an exam, so I don't know what a graded full-term class would look like with him, but I fully enjoyed his lectures. I appreciated his passion, candor, and how he was able to be real while at the same time maintaining objectivity and "giving the facts".
I have taken 3 SAPP classes with Randy at the University of Oregon, and he has got to be one of my favorite professors to take a class with. He made five hour lectures fly by. He is so knowledgeable and inspired me to learn about criminology. Seriously changed my perspective on a lot of things in the world. Great teacher, definitely recommend.
One of the best professors at PSU. You will have to work hard but you will want to and you will walk away actually absorbing a lot of quality information and sociological understanding. This was my favorite class of all time even with a 30 page paper.
I took SOC Hate Crimes with Randy, and I actually looked forward to going to class in the morning. The class was really tough, though. But, he was very energetic and funny, and constantly kept everyone's attention. He's an expert in the field and gives his students a lot of important information. I wish more professors were as knowledgable as him!
I love this class so much! I wish he would teach all of my teachers!
Where do I start?!  The guy is awesome!  Took 2 classes and would take more if my schedule allowed.  Only issue I found was that he does grade a little tough.  Other than that, he is very funny and very knowledgeable.  I loved his classes!
If you do all the readings and study his review sheet for exams and quizzes you will be fine. He offered some extra credit. But if you are religous don't take this class he is always mocking and offending religous views. Especially christianity. It's disrespectful.
Prof Blazak has a different method to his teaching than most professors do. He does swear quite a bit in class while giving his lecture. He does beat to his own drum so be prepared. There's a lot of work to do. If you do the work, you should be fine. If you need help, he does provide it for you. I'm not sure I would take him again. Not my fav prof.
I liked Randy's style of teaching and although it is a challenging class, if you do the work you will do fine.
He is a very fun professor! He's engaging, funny and overall very helpful if you speak up. This class is A LOT of work, with new assignments almost every class. However, I'm so glad that I took the class because I feel better prepared for grad school. Show up, take good notes, and don't procrastinate on your project and you'll do well.
Dr. Blazak has a solid command of sociological theory and, despite a relatively informal demeanor as a lecturer, has relatively difficult requirements for a top grade. I assume some of the other students putting up questionable reviews might have performed poorly in this regard. For anyone truly interested in theory, he is among the best.
Prof Blazak is fantastic at provoking well rounded thought processes. Everyone should have get to take a class from Blazak. He is very helpful and sincere in his passion to bring knowledge to so many of us. The guys in the back row loved Blazak this term!!!
This is a great class and a perfect reflection as to why online classes are not good always and that you need the professor interaction. He is an amazing teacher and I highly recommend him to anyone. Would definitely take another one of his classes!!
This class is why online educiation is the next big thing. Randy"likes to do things old school," while proving daily whilst talking about himself that he is a narcissists and a hypocrite, constantly contradicting his self-proclaimed feminism with off the cuff sexual humor and innuendos + Randy loves the giggling girls in the front row-Dont ya,Randy
