He is an amazing professor, who really knows what he is talking about and who can truly reach out to his students and help them reach their potential.  Keep it up Jim
He is an awesome teacher, a brilliant man whose knowledge shows the students what they need to strive for, He can ramble a bit, but that makes him lovable and I couldn't stress about how much he loves what he does and the energy he brings to class is great! Keep it up Jim
Professor Veeneman seemed like a good teacher.  Very interesting the first day, but then class after class he started getting off topic.  Then students were faced with a midterm exam that everybody would have failed if not for a generous curve.  Teacher is somewhat arrogant and can not tolerate any dissenting opinions--should not be teaching!
Fun class, a little off topic at times; but I was happy with the overall quality of material. The prof is funny and passionate about the subject. He cares most about students learning the material.
The class was really relaxed, but I feel this was one of the strengths of the class.  The professor worked hard to reach the students, however class morale was low, making this a difficult task.  I woul definitely recommend this class to others because the professor is fun, has a real passion for the subject, and is genuinely concerned for students
I was VERY disappointed with this class.  I expected a lot more.  The professor seemed disorganized and it was never clear what we were supposed to cover in a given class.  Thus, I only got a fraction of what I could have out it.  I was definitely willing to work, but the prob sets felt like a waste because we often didn't have the tools to do them
I really enjoyed this course and learned so much in just 10 weeks. I wish SSA would offer this course in two parts one to focus on the Financial Statements and one to focus on budgeting. Great class!
Also would have liked to have stayed on track with the lecture slides. Nice that Prof wanted to connect with us in digressions, but that attempt at comraderie not important for my personal learning. Prob Sets ended up piling up b/c of time management; perhaps keep due dates for prob sets but add a TA session for those who need it.
The posted slides were a very helpful learning tool, although I wished we would have been able to stay more on target during class time.  Also, I appreciated Veeneman's enthusiasm and desire to challenge us as students (although some of my classmates expressed their malcontent over the expectations I thought his challenging was appropriate.)
Professor very accessible. Email &amp; office visits readily available to students and response to questions is quick. PowerPoint slides very good - synthesize necessary information. Sometimes homework questions did not appear in readings, which was challenging but solvable. Required time &amp; effort to master material. Was req course, so somewhat limited interest prior to start of quarter, but it proved to be very interesting &amp; valuable.
SSA needs more Veeneman. This class is a critical part of the curriculum at SSA and Veeneman adds tremendous value from years of experience. There is so much material that could be covered, I was frustrated by the rambling, unfocused classes-stay on task and make lectures more targeted and  efficient. The homework was extremely helpful.
This was on of the most interesting classes I've taken at U of C. His teaching style and personality combine dramatically! Too few professors case so much about the beauty and curiosity of learning. He engaged students and truly facilitated mutual learning. Jim is highly ethical and places high peformance standards on students
This was a class that you got out as much as you put in... a guided indep. study. It wasn't as organized as well as it could be, and the lectures felt like a Tony Robins seminar on the virtue of finance for NPOs.  However, I got a lot out of the class and would take him again.  Get organized and things would be excellent... tremendous potential.
Yes, the professor wasn't skilled at staying on point and getting a job done,  but was helpful in delivering messages that are critical to the work of non-profit management. More importantly, the SSA process for evaluation is far more useful than this and also should have been employed.
This is the worst class I have taken. His stories and unrelated comments took away from valuable learning time and wasted our tuition money. He is very intelligent but does not know how to pass on the knowledge. Class consists of him talking instead of teaching. I was disappointed in his lack of organization during each class and the quarter overal
