Dr. Fey was very interesting, cursed a lot so it made class entertaining and told many stories. He had clicker points almost every class so there was a lot of "freebies" and homeworks every week but they were only 10 true/false questions. His tests though were very hard and the study guides do not match the tests. I would not recommend him
fey is a good teacher and very passionate . he is hard on his students but only because he wants them to be responsible. clicker question every day, and 3 exams . homework due every friday but it is only 10 questions and can be done in 5 minutes . he swears a lot, and makes things interesting . i recommend him .
I had Dr. Fey for SOC 101 and the class itself was really easy. All of his tests are open note which was really nice. My problem with him was that he got off topic a lot and got really preachy about certain issues, but you can tell that he loves what he teaches. I've heard that he's the easiest professor for this class, so I would recommend him.
he was so funny and interesting just show up for the clicker questions, all exams are online and the study guide is exactly like the test
Is a great lecturer but his tests are pretty hard even with the notes he allows you to have. If you don't study you wont pass the class.
His lectures are very interesting but his test are pretty hard, you have to study to at least get a C. You can use notes on the tests but he records you. Homework can be found online so don't worry about that. Very fair professor and I look forward to taking another class with him. Just show up to class, listen, and TAKE NOTES.
So even though I got an A in his class, it was a pretty frustrating one. The test information comes from three different sources: the online textbook, lectures, and DIS articles. So, in other words, if you actually do the reading and go to lectures, it's a good 10+ hours a week. However, the tests follow his study guides which makes it a lot easier
Loved his class! His lectures were very interesting, but make sure to sit more towards the front to stay focused. If you read the textbook (which takes a long time), you'll definitely do well in the class. He gets very sensitive about people leaving during class though!
Class was not my favorite subject but Fey is really funny and really passionate professor. The class overall is not that hard and the tests allow for notes during the test. Even though you dont click into class everyday everything said and shown during lectures may be on the test so be sure to go to class
I really enjoyed going to Dr. Fey's lectures. He is a great storyteller. Many questions on the test are from the lectures so make sure you go!
The class was massive but he did a good job of keeping it engaged and answering questions. He gives some questions from the test in class so definitely go. There are clicker questions so you have to attend class. The homework is easy and tests are multiple choice but definitely be prepared going into it because its a vast majority of the grade.
The weekly homework was 10 T/F questions. Only 3 exams (not cumulative). He is strict on deadlines because he has over 1,000 students so he doesn't do exceptions. He doesn't give homework 2 weeks prior to a test and is very generous by giving study guides. Attendance is not mandatory but he does use the clickers as participation.
Fey is a good guy who understands that this is a 101 level course and actually taught it that way. All of the homeworks were on quizlet and all the tests had study guides. As long as you pay attention in lecture and take good notes for the open note tests you will be fine.
Dr Fey is wonderful and has a solid sense of humor. His lectures are interesting but you often dont grasp whats important. His tests are VERY difficult and unrelated- the best I did (and I did 10 pages of the study guide) was a C. Go to class for group projects to make sure it boosts your grade.
His class is super easy as long as you show up, listen to his lectures, read the textbook, do hw (once a week), and do the study guides for his tests. 3 exams. He cancels class pretty frequently, so be wary of that. One of the easiest classes I've ever had to do no work for. Just study before the test &amp; you will be fine.
Fey only gives one homework assignment a week and the exams are easy enough, go to lecture and do the study guides with your notes and the textbook and you'll get an A. Definitely recommend, Fey's lectures are very engaging and he is hilarious.
I really respect Professor Fey as a person, but I hated this class! His exams are done on the lockdown browser which is annoying, and they're full of TRICK QUESTIONS. The study guides were too long and full of material that was distracting. The lectures were interesting &amp; homework was easy but his exams were not a good reflection of the material.
Lectures are a waste of time but he uses clickers so you have to go to class. Content is simple and if you just find everything on the study guide, you'll pass the exams easy. Exams are online, open note. Homework due every week but it takes less than 20 minutes. He's fairly entertaining as far as lecturers go. He's chill.
Lots of trick questions on homework and tests, he breezes thru topics in class without any explanation where it's needed, gets sidetracked often, and doesn't prepare you for his tests which are 1/2 of your grade. For being in class 3 days a week, I'm not sure how he managed to teach so little. Definitely have to teach yourself here, nice guy tho.
There is 6 class assignment in total, and make sure you go to class everything. There is a final paper due at the end of the semester, and as long as you follow the instructions, you can easily get full points. Exams are hard, please study ahead of the time and make a good note from the lecturer and textbook.
