2 exams, one paper and the final plus attendance. Berta is so funny, he always has a good story. He lets his students know how to succeed in his class. Go to the class before an exam!!!!!
Berta is a really awesome guy. Attendance isn't mandatory but he is very funny and always has really interesting stories, so I enjoyed his lectures. However, your grade is based off of solely three exams, so if you don't do well on one it's hard to get an A. He does give very good study guides though and extra credit opportunities.
Joe Berta is the funniest person alive. I'm going to take any class he teaches.
No attendance pts., the final grade in the course is determined by two midterms and the final exam. I usually attended the lecture, but you do not have to. Pros of showing up - He typically gives out questions that will be on the exams (w/ answers). All the material on the test is given in the study guide and he goes over every question. Easy A.
Berta is the reason I'm a psych major. Although his classes are sometimes considered a joke considering he makes study guides with what's on the test word for word, you still have to work for your grade. He's funny and engaging and really has his student's best interest at heart. I'll be sad the day he retires.
Really funny guy, cares about his students and gave us a free online code for the textbook (though we barely used it). Grades by two tests and a cumulative final, and makes a complete study guide for each. You don't have to show up, but it's a whole experience listening to his life stories. Will miss him next semester!
He is the most amazing professor. In a heavy science based major, his lectures were almost my downtime of comedy and laughter. TAKE COURSES WITH HIM! Even if your're not in the class, just sit in one of the lectures and be prepared to learn in ways you will always remember. Such a good guy. Quite the character.
Berta is absolutely hilarious and I am already signed up for Bio Psych for next semester because of how much .I enjoyed him! Your grade is only tests and there is never any attendance. The slides are posted online and a study guide is given! Highly recommend Berta!
Professor Berta is the BEST professor I have had at CU. I wish he taught all my classes. He is respectful, kind and really helps if you need it. He cares about students and his lectures are awesome. You will love his classes.
Berta is the best! He's my favorite teacher in the psychology department. I took him for General Psychology, Biological psychology, and cognitive psychology. Got all A's. He's funny. Most classes were 3 tests, each worth 33%. He tests you on his study guide and tells you to read a few pages here and there for the study guide. Do it &amp;you'll get an A
Really nice guy!!!
Berta is a great guy who genuinely cares about his students. He makes lectures very entertaining and gets somewhat off topic but always ties it back to psych. Attendance is not mandatory but I still went just because he'd tell some great stories. Easy A, he rounds grades up. Would definitely recommend.
Pretty funny guy, I actually enjoyed coming to class, he even allowed me to make up a midterm that I accidentally missed and hadn't noticed over a month past the initial test date.
He is a nice guy but he does not teach, he only talks about irrelevant stuff, only 3 tests per semester.
Berta is the nicest professor I have ever had. He truly cares about his students. He makes the material easy and interested. Guaranteed A. Great professor.
I took General Psychology with Dr. Berta summer '17, and it was an awesome decision. Professor really knows his stuff and makes class interesting. He always relates psychology topics with amusing real life stories. If you don't feel like a listener you don't need to show up to class (Although it does make understanding material easier).
I love love love Berta. He makes going to class super enjoyable and his tests are completely fair. He gives a study guide that will be very similar to the test. He does rant about his cat and ex gf quite a bit but the man really does know the material he is teaching you. He is always incredibly caring of his students Go to office hours if need help
i love Berta. I have had him for Bio and cog psych and think he is an awesome lecturer. He can get off topic about his cat or ex gf but he keeps the lecture going and is easy to understand. His tests are extremely fair and the book is really not needed. He really does care about his students and if there is a problem he will help out. Easy A.
Lectures can be dry but it's best to show up for them. He can get off topic with funny stories and comments. There are few tests so it pays to keep up with the book and do well on them. It's also good to talk with him after class.
This class was awesome. No homework. Just study the study guides and really understand everything on them and you're good to go. Also, if you ever are worried about your grade and you go in to talk to Berta he will help you out. He's a great guy and really cares about students and wants you to succeed.
