he is a mean and unhelpful teacher. avoid him!!!
Dr. Coyne may be the best, (if not, one of the best) teachers at U of M. His wealth of knowledge and ability to articulate absolutely blows me away. He's extremely well versed in all of the topics discussed in the course. He is also willing to spend extra time with students who need help on assignments. Knowledge is quite attractive... just sayin!
I learned a lot in Dr. Coyne's class. I really enjoyed his class. He really makes you work for your grade, but you'll learn a lot. I would definitely take his class again, if I could!
I loved Dr. Coyne for my tax class but I have had a horrendous experience with the Accounting Systems class. I've had a 4.0 in accounting my entire school career, and now I am struggling to maintain a B because I'm not a technology/code nerd. This is a mandatory class so I recommend taking it by itself in the summer- you'll need 6-10 hours weekly.
Taking Accounting Systems online with Dr. Coyne has been great. The content is well-organized, lectures are clear, and schedule is easy to follow. Quizzes and exams are easy if you just read the lectures. He cares about students and will help if you reach out. Easily the most professional instructor at Memphis.
Dr. Coyne is hard core; however, I deeply respect his passion for the subject and his intensity. In all honesty, I love he challenges her presents to students. He makes you LEARN the material, not just complete busy work for grades. If you take the time to learn the information, ask questions, and read, you will do very well in any course of his.
This is one of the hardest and most rude professors I have ever taken. He hardly responded to my emails and wasn't professional when I asked for some assistance with an issue concerning the class. I do not recommend taking this Accounting Systems course from him online, maybe he is better in class.
Overall Professor Coyne has been one of my best instructors at the University of Memphis. I appreciated that we didn't have to purchase a textbook, instead Prof. Coyne prepared thorough slides for us to learn from. I imagine this takes more effort, and for me it was a success.
Professor Coyne uses his own materials for class. It's a tough class, but you will do well if you read the lectures and complete all of the assignments. He is always available for questions. He wants his students to succeed.
I took ACCT 4020 online with Mr. Coyne. I would 100% retake the same class with him again if I would have failed. I ended with B- in the class and that was with me busting my ASS the last two weeks. It was hard to keep up the weekly quizzes and homework. Always would respond to emails as soon as possible
Awesome teacher. One of the classes you will enjoy going too. Attendance is not required but you will receive a participation grade at the end of the semester. One presentation on your topic of choice
Professor Coyne is a lot of fun to take. He is a very open teacher and is willing to listen to your thoughts and ideas. The quizzes are timed and detailed but can be passed if you just read the lectures. You have homework once a week and it ranges on scale of difficulty but the difficult homework is gone over in class. Over all a fun teacher.
Quiz every week, LOTS of reading but the tests are easy. Make sure to save all lectures so you can use them on the exam.
I liked Professor Coyne. Although the assignments are difficult his instructions are really thorough. I would take him again and I recommend him as a professor.
The Practice set is graded harshly in my opinion, but he factors that into his grading logic. There are no make-ups or late submissions, which makes diligence absolutely necessary, but the material is good stuff.
Professor Coyne is overall pretty fair. On a lot of homework he gives example so thats helpful. You have to pay attention to his tutorials but pretty much listen. He does respond back fast if you email him.
I took  Professor Coyne  online.  He was a good teacher, you had puzzles, lecture notes, and homework.  The only test was the final and he give you extra credit at the end.
Professor Coyne's tutorials, lectures, and reading assignments  were very organized and very helpful with completing ACCT 4020.
This class had a variety of materials and learning opportunities. I enjoyed learning the different programs and the challenges within the assignments.
Lectures consist of slides.  Tutorials are necessary for homework, but if you watch them while you're working and pause when he says to, they are easy to follow, but you can't skip a tutorial.  Also, be prepared to do work on the PRACTICE SET during the 1st half of the semester.  Sometimes he assigns 2 sets per milestone, so READ THE INSTRUCTIONS.
