The best ever!!!!!!
One of the most intelligent, genuinely funny professors on campus. You have to work for a good grade, but it's totally worth the effort. Classes are entertaining and engaging, and he connects everything he talks about in really interesting ways. If you aren't afraid to read or work hard on your writing, definitely take his class.
just amazing.
Regan's class holds you to a higher standard of awareness regarding current events and socioeconomic realities. The texts primarily serve as philosophic touchstones, which provide different perspectives on our current political moment. Making connections is key. Do not expect summaries. He is always on time, engaged &amp; obscenely well read. Take!
Professor Regan is an extremely intelligent, funny man. His lectures almost never have anything to do with the assignment at hand. The few papers that are assigned seem to be graded somewhat arbitrarily. But email him your papers before you hand them in and he'll tell you exactly what he wants and how to edit. Take purely for entertainment value.
Here's the thing about Prof. Regan - very rarely are his lectures in their entirety about the subject at hand. Often they devolve into interesting but ultimately irrelevant current affairs discussions. If you are going to take his class, you need to accept that the lectures are not really going to be about the course, and catch up outside class.
Quite honestly, he's awful. He never discusses the readings, holds you after class, offers no grading criterion and then won't hear you out when you offer opinions that contradict his own. There is no structure to his class, he just doles out grades on a whim. Do not recommend.
If you need clear direction in your class, don't take him.  He'll seem crazy and off topic, but he'll make you think about what he's teaching and what's going on in the world in new ways. Be patient and he'll eventually connect back to the topic and the readings.  Just be willing to learn and have ACTUAL intellectual conversations.  Read the books.
very engaging lectures, manageable homework, mostly reading and writing
Very passionate and knowledgeable about politics. Took current events and connected them to historical texts - sometimes it was a stretch, but always interesting. Absolutely hilarious, but tough grader. Write to the maximum requirement to get an A. Participation is a must. Would take again.
Prof. Regan is super cool in the way he teaches. He's very informal in his lectures and talks about current issues for the majority of the class, but he also knows how to relate it to the course work very well! I'm taking him again next semester, not the easiest grader but has reasonable expectations! Take him!
The best professor at NYU, I learned so much from his class. Can be a tough grader, but so incredibly worth it
One of the most stubborn professors I have ever had. He acts very down to earth and seems chill, but he has really firm views that if you dispute, he fights you on them. His lectures are mostly monologues and doesn't respect other student's opinions. Lectures rarely have to do with the readings, as he mostly talks about current events. Don't Take
We spent our time discussing things that happened in the news and connecting them to the tenets of the course. Regan makes his leftist beliefs abundantly clear in his lectures, which are often cliche and questionable but nobody debates with him because he is cute. Every week he assigns long and difficult readings that are discussed but not tested.
Regan is the man. His lectures are interesting and varied. "Theology is a lot like fan fiction" was the basis of one class. 45 minutes each day talking current events and then we somehow relate it to the course material which doesn't feel rushed at all. Start working on the term paper early, or you'll regret it.
TOOK him for sf1,2 and 3 , he is the best professor at nyu. Extremely helpful, lets you pursue your own interests , keeps the class very interesting .... Take him definitely you will never get a better professor
Regan is the greatest Professor in the history of Professorship! The class was laid back, and yet will change the way you look at everything. He is very Liberal, curses a lot, but says plenty of good things. Most of the class is spent on discussing current events which is very interesting. Overall, this class was one of the best I've taken at NYU.
Best professor I have ever had
His discussions were boring to me- all he seemed to talk about were current events during the whole lecture, and nothing seemed to pertain to the class.  Also curses a lot, which can be a little irritating.  There is no midterm, but 2 short essays, 1 final term paper, and a take home final, which is nice.
I have enough trouble with philosophy as it is. The fact that he spends all of class ranting about religion did not help me understand the essay prompts any better. He also gave better paper grades to students who debated with him in class. Also, do not buy books from the place he suggests. Buy them online!! I was RIPPEDOFF
