While he's a really engaging professor, he assigns way too much reading. He expects you to know the text forwards and backwards and gives pop reading quizzes randomly. You'll have 2 writing assignments per week (on average), and he's really big on word counts. Missing one assignment or getting a bad grade on one will bring your grade way down. 2/5
The comments that say he's a tough grader are true. I really had to work for a good grade. He's very opinionated, and will go on about how he's right and you're not. The grading is mostly reading and synthesis posts, but they're really tough. I dreaded this class, and I normally love English. Try to avoid.
Although a lot of people seemed to resent his strict grading policies, I actually found them helpful. They helped me develop paper-writing skills I needed for other classes. Professor Nanian also has a good, slightly sarcastic sense of humor that I really appreciate. He's willing to work with you if you work with him. Overall, a great experience.
I took him for 305, and he's definitely one of the most challenging professors I've ever had. Brutally honest, extremely intelligent, and a bit pretentious at times. That being said, I'd recommend him to English majors, as you'll leave the class a better reader and writer. Between lectures and his thorough written notes, improvement is guaranteed.
You know if you want to pass this class with a good grade, do not take him. e makes it seem like english is your major. I spent wayy too much time on this class which I could have used it in a better way
Dr. Nanian is really tough but honestly it was truly refreshing having a teacher who didn't coddle his students and give everyone A's. I felt like I truly earned my grade and am proud. I would recommend taking him if you want to be a better writer and researcher. Also, don't take his comments on your paper to heart! He's actually really nice!
He knows exactly what he asks for. Details are everything; he's very clear about what he expects from students. The course load is hefty, so don't take him if you're not ready to do work. You end up a better reader and writer after taking his class, you actually feel like you learned something. He cares about his students and makes you work for it.
Dr. Nanian is a passionate professor, but he's a harsh grader and piles on the work. NOT an easy A, and not the kind of class you want to wait until the last minute to do work for. His lectures are fun and discussions are entertaining but the work load is overwhelming. This class is very time consuming, he expects a lot from his students.
Dr. Nanian is a caring professor, but you WILL feel overwhelmed with work. With that said, every other class there is a minimum of 400-500 word paper due, and that must meet all of his requirements. Unless you're willing to work hard, please don't take his course. While he is nice, he is a SERIOUSLY tough grader. Consider your GPA, and think again.
He definitely grades you accordingly, if you half-ass an assignment you will receive a bad grade. If not, you will get a good grade. If you are looking for an easy class, this is not it. Lectures are interesting, there's pop quizzes, and a final exam at the end. There is a reasonable amount of extra credit.
Prof Nanian seems super cool at first, but then once it's too late to switch classes, you realize how tough of a grader he is and how much homework (readings/movies/email homework posts) he gives. If you have 18 credit hours and a part-time job like me, you will NOT have enough time for this class. It's a lot of work and very time consuming.
I went into this class feeling like a decent writer and came out feeling way better than I did going in. I can say that he did teach me a lot of things about writing that I didn't really know before. It feels as though he expects better-than-average writers from the get-go. So beware if you have any doubts with your writing.
Nanian, although pretentious sounding and condescending at times, is a great professor who has a genuine interest in his students abilities. He actually wants his students to know how to write a respectable position paper. Gives great feedback and will tear your paper apart, as well as your self esteem.
Took this class a while ago but I can still remember it like it was last week. Hardest grader I've ever encountered, but he does leave very thorough (sometimes harsh) feedback, although he did take the time to speak to me in class when he wanted to say something complimentary about my work/ideas. Very motivational and made me a much better writer.
I have never cared for Shakespeare. I actively disliked Shakespeare. Professor Nanian managed to make me love Henry V through his lectures. This is not an easy course, and he will definitely make you earn it, but he is the finest professor I have ever had the privilege of learning from.
Took him for a humanities section. Wont sugar coat anything; blunt and will call you out in essays. Will definitely make you a stronger writer, but some people can find his style to be harsh. If you're willing to have someone tear your papers apart for the better, I would recommend him. (midterm1000 word essay, final2500 word research paper)
Most exciting English Lecturer at GMU. Loves this job and he gives thorough responses to papers. Nanian might be the toughest grader at GMU. He is like Simon Cowell; brutal and honest, but when you do well, you deserve it. A worthy adversary and a smart man. Wouldn't take a Nanian class again. It would be like climbing Mt. Everest twice.
If you are ready to be challenged, take Dr. Nanian. He WILL criticize your writing, but it is for your own benefit. Don't get discouraged, even if it feels overwhelming. Don't forget to use all of the resources on his class website, which he puts there on purpose. I enjoyed his lectures, as well as his obvious appreciation of the works we studied.
Professor Nanian happens to be one of the most intelligent people I have ever met. As impossible as this seems, he is condescending about the fact that he knows so much more than us and simultaneously expects us to be at a level way higher than we are. I enjoyed his class a lot; I learned so much and he gave the best feedback. But your GPA suffers.
Nanian stole my passion. Had him for 2 classes in 1 semester - he made me feel unintelligent and small. He gives great feedback, but his grading is unrealistic and does not reflect your improvement (never gotten below an A- in English class before him). Egotistical. Doesn't accept opinions that do not coincide with his own, even with evidence.
