the first professor I have ever just gone to his office hours just to sit and chat. amazing prof. interesting person, and not a radical leftist. I cannot be anymore excited that I found him even though his classes are not a part of my major I will take all the classes with him I can.
If you're a radical leftist, it is vital to take a class with this professor. He will teach you how to dissect your own beliefs and determine if they're true. He is a bit intense and offensive at times, but not to the point where it's emotionally damaging - it's a cathartic offensiveness that will help you question your grasp on "reality." Vital.
His lectures bore me to death. He's always going on rants and goes off topic frequently. He doesn't provide a lot of opportunities for a balanced grade. You can't mess up in this class or you'll get a bad grade. Thankfully, I've paid attention and done well on exams. He sometimes has guest lecturers when he's off in LA to be on the radio. Annoying.
Peter is incredible at breaking down complex graduate level concepts and explaining them in a way that anyone could understand. His tests reflect what is learned in class and what is learned in class is helpful in understanding how to think critically and filter the fallacies out of your life.
Peter is one of the best professors I've had at PSU. His lectures are incredibly engaging. Attendance is taken, so it affects your grade if you skip class, but his lectures are awesome. Grade is based on 2 exams and attendance. His tests are pretty straightforward, typically a couple essay questions and multiple choice. Extra credit is offered.
I truly respect this professor and he is among the few at PSU who cares. Boghossian is transparent, honest, and is down to earth with his students. Unlike 98 percent of those who teach philosophy at PSU, he wants you to question authority. Because of this, I cannot reccomend him enough.
BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD!!!! He is astoundingly transparent and and honest with all of the knowledge he shares. He teaches with his heart and with his head and I would take every course he offers if I could.
Peter was very knowledgeable and into this subject. As I did learn I would say of you don't go to class you wont learn. His midterm and final does not come solely from the readings and videos. He could say something in class and it be on the exam. Id take him again but only if I had a light load.
Great class, great lectures, and great discussions. One of the best professors at PSU-- take his courses while you can!
There's a reason why when a class of over 50 people could skip but most of them still show up to class. His lectures are truly inspiring and thought-provoking, his ideas will entertain you and lead you to focus attentively without having to force yourself to "stay awake". He CT class will make you open up your mind and challenge your own beliefs.
Hands down one of the best class you can take at PSU. He's also one of the most genuine, inspiring, and knowledge enriched professor that I've had. His Critical Thinking class will make you challenge your beliefs, become aware logical fallacies around you, and will change your mind about how you think of the modern society. DEF would take again.
Hes a really good teacher. He really makes you open up your beliefs and tells you why he thinks what he thinks. tests are straightforward. You can only email his T.A. which I find is annoying. His lectures are amazing I wish he could talk to the whole world about his ideas. You should definitely take his class! you wont regret it. Only 2 tests.
Great lectures. A bit tangential, but really interesting, and he always tries to come back to his point. Very open for student questions (a little too open sometimes). Doesn't answer email or his office phone. If you want to talk to him instead of TA, go to office hours. Very well read. Sensitive subject matter. Expect to have values challenged.
Come to any of his classes to hear thought provoking lectures and amazing guest speakers- even the general class discussions that arise organically are wonderful; he is fair, respectful, and gives everyone a voice.
It's an ethics class and he's not afraid to speak about the truth surrounding ethics and that's what most professors lack nowadays. The point is to educate the students and he does that. It's an easy class that will make you think and he'll challenge your beliefs. Although I wish he could be more consistent in his beliefs.
I wish I could take all of Boghossian's classes. Atheism was great: informative and entertaining lectures and videos, only mid-term and final (no homework!), inexpensive text book (that he wrote) that fully complemented the class. The time flew by every class. As he says, the whole class is a 'trigger warning'. I highly recommend this professor.
This guy is fantastic. His lectures are beyond interesting, thought-provoking, and intelligent. He brings up controversial subjects and encourages people to think critically about them, so easily triggered students stay clear. There's no homework. Just attendance and tests. If you just show up and don't take notes, you could easily get a B.
Not much to say about this instructor, he's simply amazing. 2 tests that were somewhat easy. Its what I learned from this class that is amazing. Very good speaker, great insight and he lets students discuss things in class that are relevant with relevant answers. HIGHLY recommend this instructor. Listen to the knowledge bombs he drops.
Amazing lecturer, he opened with magic tricks and it was a great hook. Difficult subject to wrap your head around so read and watch everything, it's pretty entertaining stuff. Come with an open mind and don't be afraid to ask questions, it is a difficult subject to put into your own words on exams. All his stuff is in Dropbox online and Youtube.
The business ethics final was in essay format about 13 pages long. If you are great at bsing and can write in length then you will breeze through this class. Also make sure to attend every class.
