Nechyba wrote the textbook and it shows when he is doing lecture. You can easily fall behind in this class so having a solid study group and participation in discussion sections are very highly recommended. The class is curved to a B+ but the class also has very driven people so make sure you're one of them so you don't end up behind the pack.
Prof Nechyba gives great and personable lectures. He's super smart - he wrote the textbook - and really tries to help his students out with review sessions before midterms. The class is really difficult and material builds fast, so avoid falling behind by going to TA sections. Your grade is essentially only test grades (though curved to a B+).
Nechyba is a very knowledgable professor who loves to teach. Holds extra review sessions even on Sundays before the tests. The class itself is very rigorous and the lectures tend to be very dry at some points. The textbook comes in handy a lot of times. His tests are insanely tough but I'd recommend taking the class with him only.
great lectuere, probably one of the best. help is really accessible outside of class with TAs, discussions, office hours, etc. doing the homework is really important to do well in the class. attendance definitely helps but isn't mandatory. with that being said, the midterms and final is very hard. taking this course in spring is probably easier
This class was the hardest class I have taken so far. The lectures are very dense and the material is hard to understand. Nechyba is great/well versed on this topic, but his lectures/textbook tend to be unnecessarily wordy. Definitely recommend hitting up office hours (with Chelsea- she taught the class this spring) and spending time on the info
Great prof do well on your final and you're good
Nechyba is an amazing dude. He's really entertaining in lectures and really cares about teaching his students the material (he did write the textbook). Tests are extremely tough and make up almost all your grade but it's graded on a curve. It's a hard class but as long as you put in hard work it's manageable
Phenomenal professor who is passionate about economics and makes each lecture entertaining. He also wrote the textbook, which is very well written and becomes a valuable resource for mastering the material. The class is fast paced and tests are definitely hard, but there is a fairly lenient grading policy in place.
Great professor who truly cares about the material and student success. I never attended class as the in-class quizzes could be completed from anywhere. The book is a great resource for getting an in-depth understanding of the material. Exams are fairly difficult, but predictable if you review past exams. Material builds quickly.
Smart as hell, nice and funny. Tests are basically the only thing that decide your grade, so make sure you study for those. The class isn't easy and the material builds, but Nechyba is simply great at explaining tough concepts and makes himself very available before exams to help everyone out.
Funny and nice teacher, but lectures can often be a bit confusing, so it's helpful to read the textbook if needed. Exams are really difficult and frustrating, make sure to go see TA's and ask questions.
Nechyba is a great lecturer, explains things clearly and has a good sense of humor. Since he wrote the textbook you don't really need to read it in addition because everything is covered in the lectures. Grading is very fair and he is very transparent about the grading system.
Nechyba is a  brilliant professor and he knows his Economics. Beware though: the material builds up rapidly, and if you are lazy, you will not survive in this class. It's a tough class, but if you put effort into it, you will do  fine. Also, get maximum prepared for every exam, because your whole grade depends on two midterms and a final.
Great Lecturer, turning grades back in a timely manner
Arguably the best Econ professor at Duke, he knows the material better than anyone else (wrote the textbook) so his lectures are very clear and organized. Workload consists of a problem set a week. His tests are difficult, you have to work hard and study a lot to earn a good grade. But in the end, most students usually do well (B/B+ average).
Very tough class and material but Professor Nechyba did a great job of explaining it during lectures. He is always on top of grading and gives plenty of resources for the exams. The midterms and final are all really difficult with the average grade being lower than 65. But the class is curved to a B/B+ and there is a very flexible grading policy.
Nechyba is extremely passionate and actually enjoys teaching. He's department chair so he's not very accessible out of class but the TA office hours and review sessions that he holds are pretty helpful. Mid-semester he hands the class off to an assistant professor but is still there for all the lectures. Generally this prof isn't as good as Nechyba
He is one of the best professors I've ever had.
Best professor I have ever had at Duke!
Very good professor, clear lectures based on book he wrote. Can skip class and get A, as textbook is written by him and extremely useful. Clearly wants to help student. Lectures can be entertaining with jokes, songs (look out for Barney song), and more jokes. Was wrongly criticised on Yikyak for harsh grade distribution (totally untrue!)
