Taking this intro to philosophy class with Dr. Larkin has opened my eyes to understanding philosophy better. He is a great professor and is always open to answer questions. Not attending his class really upsets him (but if you are there, you will receive extra credit points). There is alot of reading to do, but the assignments are easy.
Doctor Larkin is the best! I love his lectures and he will definitely make you laugh! Make sure you read though, because you will not know what is going on. Also make sure you actually participate in class, because it makes a big difference in your grade!
Lectures daily but the lectures are interesting class discussions.
As long as you read the material and try to speak or ask questions in an engaging manner (and show up for class), you will enjoy and learn a lot from this class. A simple, easy, and enjoyable class with an energetic and eccentric professor.
I learned so much in this class and even use the arguments I learned here in some of my other classes. Didn't ever even want to skip. Every time I thought the reading pretty much covered it all, he had more to say about the topic. I feel like I learned a lot of history and other types of philosophy just from the examples and anecdotes he gives.
Dr. Larkin is the best professor I've ever had. If more professors were like him college would be so much more enjoyable. His lectures are interesting, he makes Philosophy interesting even when it's hard to understand, and he truly cares that everyone understands the material rather than giving homework/assignments. His "tests" are papers! Easy!
He is just an overall amazing teacher.
Dan is the whole reason Im now a philosophy major. The coolest professor Ive ever had, hands down. He really cares about what hes teaching, and it shows.
This class is so great. He gives real-life experiences in relation to what he's teaching. I really feel like a learn something every day I go to his class that helps me open my eyes to the world around me. So yeah without a doubt if you're going to take this class you'll enjoy it.
I love Dan Larkin with all my heart. Not only is he a total babe but he makes class very easy to come to because you know you'll be entertained and really learning what is being taught. He's passionate about everything he's teaching and he really works to form a relationship with his students and make sure they are confident in the material.
Dr. Larkin is an amazing professor! I took his last semester, but he still inspires me to this day. I was terrified of taking a phil. class because I was afraid I could not understand the dense readings, but Dan went over literally everything in each class. He is super understanding and funny. If you go to class, there's nothing to worry about.
Dr. Larkin is a fun energetic professor.  His lectures are great and he encourages you to challenge him.
Dan is by far, my favorite Professor at U of M. His lectures keep you engaged, he has a real passion for what he teaches, and he cares about his students. You would have to TRY to fail his class because of all the help he offers. He will meet with you after class, give you pointers for your papers, and explain things 12 times if thats what you need
Dr. Larkin was a caring professor, that explained mistakes to help you succeed on the next paper. Make sure you do not skip class, and if a lot of you skip class he will give pop quizzes. There is also a lot of reading for the class too.
Dan's fervor and ardor are intoxicating and contagious. I've said a million times that I wish Dan could teach all of my classes. Dan Larkin makes philosophy accessible to everyone, people who are are exceptionally adept at reading dense musings, and those who may have trouble understanding it. You don't really need the book but you would do better.
Dr. Larkin is genuinely amazing, and genuinely wants the best for his students. The papers require a lot of thinking, but it is worth it! Take him! You will learn so much!
Mr. Larkin (or Dr. Larkin), is cool. The class is cool. He likes his rules, so follow them. He likes to joke so thats a plus.  Compared to other classes, this one has a light load especially if you like to read.  P.s. If u like to skip class, dont take him. #PopQuizes #EasyHomework #NoMercy
Really Funny!  Definitely keeps your attention every class.  Only downside was that there was a LOT of reading.  Dan explains it all in class though.  Take him.
He is an amazing professor. His lectures are engaging and interesting.  He knows the material well and is heavily invested in student success.  Would 100% recommend taking this professor.
A more apt name for this class would be "Dan's life class." My favorite thing about Dan is he doesn't take sides. He genuinely wants to explore all sides to an issue. My only criticism is directed at the other students in the class. As with every philosophy or English class, get ready to experience some of the most extra people you'll ever meet.
