He's actually wonderful.
Professor Cohen is extremely knowledgable.  If you want to learn something about Renaissance art (and you should), he's the man.
He's a little slow sometimes, but once you get used to his lecturing manner, he is very interestin and extremely knowledgeable about the subject. He makes subtle jokes and pretends that they are serious, so if you catch that, it hilarious. Leonardo&amp;Mich was very informative but at the same time not very hard. Cohen is very nice an understanding.
He's a little slow sometimes, but once you get used to his lecturing manner, he is very interestin and extremely knowledgeable about the subject. He makes subtle jokes and pretends that they are serious, so if you catch that, it hilarious. Leonardo&amp;Mich was very informative but at the same time not very hard. Cohen is very nice an understanding.
Cohen is a genius and has a great, dry sense of humor. Too bad it only comes out when he's not lecturing. He often goes 20 minutes overtime and is never on sechedule with the syllabus, so discussion sections make no sense when we are learning about Massacio in lecture and Grunewald in section!
I took my Art History Core requirement with Professor Cohen, and it was dreadful.  I've had some incredible Art History classes at the U of C, but he was more dull than should be possible.  He gives no expections for what to expect on exams, his paper comments are not constructive, and he perpetually ran late.
He's not THAT bad... Does speak in a monotone, and does keep you late after class, but also incredibly intelligent; practically a walking art history encyclopedia. Just try picking his brain.
Echoing other posters about his lectures, the "comments" on papers were more akin to fault finding rather than helpful constructive criticism.
chiaroscuro baby. pedagogically inclined. his milanos bring all the girls to the...finals.
Ugh. He droned on and on, repeated himself time and again, and had no respect for the demands made upon student's outside of his classroom. It was criminal how boring he made such exciting material (Renaissance art) sound.
I could only stomach the first few weeks of the class. Although the material was very interesting, the class was dreadful, to the point where I couldn't make myself attend any longer. Had I not dropped the course, I would've hated Art History forever.
One of the worst classes I ever took at U of C. The material was interesting but Cohen was always behind in the syllabus, late to class and made us wait all the time. He even was late to the final. very unclear and confusing lectures too.
Shows up late every day and was late for his own final. Blabs on and on and on without ever saying anything. Excruciatingly dull--avoid like the plague.
I have to second the first poster - this prof is terrible! Avoid him at all costs! His class just drags on and on and on...you'll want to die instead of going to his class by the time 5th week comes around.
Boring...and comes to class late; He also makes us stay 20 minutes late. A very smart man, though; it is clear he knows his stuff. He just has a hard time getting it out succintly...
