Easy class to pass. I suggest you take a whole day to do the training and attempt the project till you get your desired grade. It was the most effective in my opinion. You can have the chapters read to you by the book and take minimal notes and do good on the concept assignments. No test or quizzes, just do the assignments and you will do good.
He has a very heavy accent and I can barely understand what he is saying when I went to his office hours for an online Computer Science class. The class uses Microsoft Access. Unfortunately for me, that program doesn't work on Apple devices. I had to literally go in the campus library to do the assignments.
This is by far the worst professor I have had at UCF. The lectures are dragged out and he will ramble. The tests have NOTHING to do with the class and the grammar is so poor it is difficult to understand the questions to begin with. You will be lectured on topics that have no practical use to your major. If you don't have to skip this class.
Attendance not mandatory, but he ALWAYS offer you an extra credit at the end of the lecture. Come to class to get the extra credit because the exam is hard. All powerpoint and notes is in the webcourse, but it is always handy to take an extra note. I would suggest to come to class, unless you can get 85 something in his exams.
definitely take this class online! the assignments were super easy; i know some people that finished them the first week. the exams were difficult but just have the powerpoints up and command F the information and you should be able to get at least a B. definitely do not buy the book - i made that mistake.
This dude literally bumped the grade on my term paper from a 0% to a 90% after I mistakenly did it late, just because I came in and visited him 3-4 times. Great guy although his accent is pretty thick.
I took this class online and it was amazing. The assignments were the easy part as long as you read over the previews. The exams were the harder part with it being specific questions that you have to remember. He does give a half useful study guide but it is still hard unless you read and memorize. He doesn't grade A+,B,C-. He grades A, B,or C.
Easily the worst professor I've had at UCF. The concepts he teachers are absolutely irrelevant to the course. Many of the information on his powerpoint are incorrect. His english is subpar at best, which wouldn't be an issue except he constantly makes spelling errors on tests that change the entire question. Lab is fine, the lecture is horrible.
This class was terrible. Seriously terrible. The lectures are pointless unless you want a VERY small amount of extra credit. Everything is done online. I really wish I took this class online. He's impossible to understand because of a thick accent (not his fault) but it doesn't help that he's just mean. If you need this course, do it online.
I never went to class because all of the information you need to know is on the powerpoints that he put online. I should've taken the online class. If you do go to class you will not understand a word he was saying and I can't handle that for more than 2 hours.
He is hard to understand, but you don't need to show up to class to do well (he does give extra credit at the end of each class). Just study his power points and you'll do well in the class. Tests are taken from home and labs can be completed from home (finished them all in the first two weeks). He cares about his students.
Bc I took this class online, it was flexible w my schedule and easy for me! I studied all the chapters for the lectures the day of the exam and received an average of a low A! Tests were open book, so I personally found them easy. Although I did not find the lectures useful for me, the lab portion taught me a lot.
He is very hard to understand. You don't need to see him at all, lecture attendance is not required. Tests are open book (his book is free). Lab part of class was very simple. Should be an easy a, but don't expect anything special or inspirational.
thick accent, doesn't answer questions, tries to scare you and say 1/3 of you will pass (biggest joke of my life). grade is based off 10 SAM assignments (easy and can get help from TA), 1 paper (easy and graded by TA so easy graded), and 3 tests (online so just have the notes up and Command+F everything). If you have a MAC i promise you'll be fine.
The homework for the class is relatively easy, however, the tests have nothing to do with the homwork and you have to teach yourself everything because he is so incredibly difficult to understand. He speaks very poor enlgish. I'm usually able to understand people with accents but he was extremely difficult. I understood about every third word.
Labs are easy, with the hw assignments just projects or quizzes in MS excel, word, etc, and the research paper is also easy as long as you follow instructions. The professor offers extra credit quizzes at the end of every lecture, so these are the main reason to go to class. The powerpoints are needed for the tests, which are somewhat difficult.
easy A as long as you go to lecture (he has extra credit quizzes at the end of every class) and do the lab assignments which are also really easy. Tests are hard if you don't have his powerpoints in front of you but if you do the answers are usually word-for-word. Didn't actually learn anything in the class &amp; his accent makes it hard to understand
Hard to understand, honestly better off not listening, writing whatever's on the powerpoints, and getting your extra credit points at the end of each lecture. Assignments have nothing to do with the lecture material since they focus completely on Microsoft Office, while the exams have nothing to do with the labs since they focus on the lectures.
Dr. Abdullah has a very thick accent so it is kind of hard to understand him. Half of this class was lab based. He has 3 exams and no finals and the exams are super easy if you use your notes. He is the ONLY professor who teaches this subject. Attendance isn't mandatory but at the end of every class he does a pop quiz that'll give you extra credit.
Absolute WORST class. Can't understand the lectures, horribly heavy accent. Dr. Abdallah is literally teaching inaccurate information about computers. I had a friend who is a computer science major look over the notes and told me that pretty much everything he read was false. Try to avoid if possible.
