Arya Roy is simply AWESOME! Lectures are dope and really make understanding the material better. The weekly quizzes are pretty difficult . Definitely can't walk in without studying for them unless you are already a master in physics. Usually gives one hard midterm and one easier midterm. Final was very difficult. Overall, great class but not easy!!
Roy is the best lecturer I ever had. He has such a deep understanding of physics and cares a lot about his students. Go to lectures and go to office hours. He has the ability to explain physics like no other professor. Funny guy too
just god
This class was one of the hardest ones I've ever taken, mostly because I failed the first exam, but Roy was always there to help me and really tried to make sure I understood the material. He's one of the smartest people I know, but a bit unorganized. Tests are tough, as he wants you to truly understand things instead of crunching numbers. 10/10
Roys lectures are very well clear and his way of explaining things ensures conceptual understanding rather than memorizing. He usually ties in 1 or 2 interesting practical applications of the theory. Hes very engaging with students and he seems very passionate about the subject. A bit disorganized and tests are tough but manageable.
Great lecturer. he's kind of a mess, but so smart that he can literally improvise his lectures on the spot and have them be great. very personable and charismatic. all girls end up crushing on him for some reason. very willing to help. his tests make sense from what lecture and homework contain. I just wish there were clear legible answer keys.
Arya Roy is an incredible lecturer. Unlike a lot of my other engineering classes at Duke, I actually feel like I learn how to do problems live in lecture. Roy cares that we understand the concepts and that we can do more than crunch numbers. Stay after class to ask questions so that he knows your face.
Only issue I take is with lack of organization in lectures. A typical lecture from him involves a lot of intuition to eventually achieve some kind of result-the problem I have is that I never know what I am supposed to take away. Have we made a definitive statement? Is this result for a specific case? If so, what assumptions have we made?
I love the way Dr. Roy structured his class.  It allows students to engage with the material in the way that's best for them while the weekly quizzes allow you to have consistent feedback about how you're understanding the material.  He was very clear about how he presented material and very patient when helping.
Roy is an absolute godsend - he makes physics so easy to understand and he makes you want to come to class and learn. You'll leave the class learning so much more than just introductory physics, absolutely worth the work and worth the effort.
Professor Roy is truly one of the best professors at Duke, even though I skipped most of the lectures as I already knew the material. He makes you understand the concepts rather than memorize equations, which makes Physics 151DL a very challenging class for those who don't have a background in physics.
A professor who makes the lectures interesting. Roy is super focused on the geometrical meanings of the proofs and problems, and he gives out a good illustration. Lectures and problems are generally not hard, and he gives out notes to help understanding. Super willing to help people.  Textbook is used, but you can survive without it.
Definitely the best teacher I've had so far at Duke.  PHENOMENAL lecturer... please show up to his classes because he's what makes the tuition worth paying.  The class is challenging with those who haven't had a lot of past physics, but it is very possible to do well if you work hard.
He's an amazing dude that connects with his students and makes sure they understand concepts rather than memorize equations. 10/10 would take again.
Arya makes his lectures entertaining and easy to follow, but he also provides notes on sakai (so you don't need to be there to do well). Highly recommend going and FLUNCHing him.
Arya has a great physics mind but leans towards teaching theory rather than practical examples, which can be frustrating for an "engineering" physics class. His homework is much harder than the test or quiz problems, but sometimes he'll throw something weird in there you've never seen before so study carefully.
Every lecture was like getting your mind blown for an hour! The homework was hard, but Arya's awesome explanations as well as overall hilarity was a great combo!
He is amazing in every way and so helpful and humble
He is an amazing lecturer who explains concepts in a very manageable and intuitive way. Very charismatic.
I took the class over a 6 week summer period and moved at a pretty fast pace. However, Dr. Roy offered a lot of support, advice, and help in and out of the classroom. He was very charismatic and almost made me enjoy the material, which helped me complete the enormous workload needed to be successful in the class.
