Kenneth is not a bad prof. He knows his stuff, although his lectures are very long and boring. He tells you exactly what he is looking for when grading your papers. The one report you write, you literally follow it from the textbook.
In BCA 101, you watch a movie and then get lectured the next day. The class is not too terribly hard, but the exams are very specific so if you dont pay attention or attend class, you will have a hard time. Overall, it is a pretty easy class. He does assign quizzes too, but you do not know when they will be.
The exams are tough and very specific but always ONLY what's in the lecture. Quizzes after almost every film. One big paper but if you follow format you'll be fine.
Either he gives a long lecture or you watch a movie. The 3 exams are very specific so be taking good notes in class. Sometimes its hard to figure out what things he says are important/exam material because he talks so much. I really like his thoughts though and Im planning on taking another course by him later.
I loved Dr. Jurkiewicz although his lectures can be long and boring he is a funny goofy guy and is very knowledgeable on film he is very smart. The tests are hard just like most BCA classes, but if you study and listen and take notes you'll do just fine.
Jurkiewicz is a really hard prof. His lectures are long and boring but he covers material that will be on the test. Tests are 100 questions with "matching", t/f, and a variety of hard questions. Most will have a-e on scantron. I say "matching" because you can use multiple answers twice... Be prepared and know dates, names, themes, and movie info
Really funny and passionate professor! Good lectures that will almost always take up the whole class. The exams are a little tough but as long as you do great on the big paper you will definitely pass the class with flying colors! I will be taking him again for a horror films class next semester.
Dr. J is a solid choice for a prof. There is one paper and it's so easy! You have to buy a special book from the bookstore and it has an example of the paper in the coursepack. Exams are a little difficult so make sure you go to every class because that's the only way you'll know what the exam will be over. There are movie quizzes but very easy.
very hard class. I am a 4.0 student and struggled to get an A.
He's very enthusiastic about the history of films and the films themselves.  Not afraid to say his honest opinions and cracks jokes. A funny guy. Some of the movies in the beginning are a bit boring but it gets better. Read the chapters but the test is heavily what's discussed in the lecture. Very fun class!
Dr. J is a really good professor. He is hilarious and also very knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the subject. His classes are compromised of one large paper (if you follow the format you'll get an A), three tests which are very difficult, and watching movies and listening to lectures the next class period. He doesn't take attendance.
Like Danny DeVito had a love child with Bernie Sanders and got the best traits of both. I am infinitely glad I took this man's class. So many lectures but the dude is hilarious and fantastic to listen to.
Don't take this class if you don't like movies, first of all. This class is also heavily orientated in HISTORY-- so you need good memorization skills for specific facts. You watch a lot of movies in-class and talk about them. His lectures take up the entire class period and there are NO visuals. Need good listening/note-taking skills.
He's great!  Yea, on lecture days it's exactly 1 hr and 50 mins, but he makes it interesting and funny.  He's SOOO passionate about movies; it's contagious!  I've been looking for more of his classes to take and I'm an Environmental Safety Major!  I didn't read the book, at all except for the sample report (which I HIGHLY recommend; I got a 100).
I loved this Sherlock Holmes class. I thought the movie and television selected was good. I liked the way they were grouped, too. The paper was actually really fun to write! Just know that 525 is a 4 hour class, and Dr. J will use that whole time each week! NO POWERPOINTS.
Lectures are extremely long and boring, he gives no visuals at all. If you're a visual learner, this class is not for you. I wouldn't suggest this professor to anyone. He isn't good at teaching the material and drags on and on about subjects. He also is very bad at emailing back and communicating with students!
Love Dr. J! His class is harder than the other prof that teaches 101 from what I hear, but really respect his knowledge and passion for the subject. You can learn a lot from him!! Easy A as long as you do the readings and attend every class. Hardly ever homework.
Don't take this class. Seriously. I have to retake BCA101 with a new professor because I didn't receive a high grade. His lectures take up the entire two hours and are very dull. The movies are okay, but he is too detail-oriented with his quizzes and he grades extremely hard on them. His exams are 100 very-specific questions.
He's truly passionate about movies. I took this as a genre study on Sherlock Holmes and so there obviously isn't much to go on, but he still managed to find something to tell us about for 2+ hours without making us fall asleep. Textbooks are somewhat needed for the exam, but he mostly bases his test questions off of movie quotes- somewhat difficult
Knows ALOT about the subject and knows what he is talking about, if this is your major I would recommend talking to him about his knowledge. His lectures are SOOO long and painful although and they get dragged on for the entire 2 hours, don't ever expect to get out early. Good teacher just a boring class &amp; his tests are pretty difficult.
