I loved this professor. If you ever get the opportunity to have him, take it! He's truly amazing and actually cares. When a student does bad, he is genuinely sad. He wants everyone to get an A, but also wants everyone to be the best writers they can be. I had a lot of reading for the class, but it was bearable and quick.
I hated writing but professor Limbu made me love coming to class. He is the nicest professor I have ever met and he really cares about how his students perform.
Loving and caring professor; recommend to take his class.
Professor Limbu cares his students. The best professor I have met in my life.
Amazing teacher
He's a very caring professor. He will work with you on your essays one on one and makes sure you get a 4.0.
Marohang is awesome!!!! Easy 4.0 and a great prof!!!
Great professor. Very helpful.
Very cool professor. I learned research and writing in this class plus leaned use of technologies, web design, prezi (so cool), writing strategies. This is a great class.
I learned alot. skills for writing, skills for using technology for my courses, skills for presentation. Also, this class gives you a positive attitude for living. you will conquer all the hardness.
Take his class, you never forget how cool this professor is. He really how to motivate students and teach them.
good professor and helpful class!
ive learned many things threw out this course like how to cite and quote. also how to corretly write and revise an essay in MLA form.
Professor Limbu is a great person loves to help the students you have to be really Stupid if you fail his class the work he provides is not even hard so by that being said i recommend you take his class.
Morhang is a great professor! I improved a lot in writing. I learned the proper way how to revise a paper, use correct in-text citation, Box quote, use prezi, how to use MLA format, and the proper way how to write a proper research paper. This class was very helpful!
Great guy. Hard to understand, but easy to communicate with. cares about students.
Marohang is totally a bro. We had a good time in class and my writing skills improved a lot. Just do what he says and don't slack off or skip class.
In this class I learned how to include all sides of the argument while writing research papers. I also learned how to take advantage of new presentation technologies such as prezi to captivate my audiences while presenting. Marohang is a great professor who makes sure the class learns the material but has a good time while doing it.
I learnt the american way of writing, and the way essays work in here. I learnt how to do the right format of citations.
Marohang is a good guy that is very interested in his students.  He wants his students to succeed in his class and makes all attempts to make sure they do.  There could be a little more group writing, but Limbu is always open for change so i wouldnt be surprised if he did more next semester.  Good Class, Great Prof.
