I LOVE MICHAEL SANDEL SO, SO MUCH! HE'S THE BEST! WOWOWOWOWOW, HE'S JUST SO AWESOME, I CAN'T EVEN-!
The best Course I have ever had.
Simply the most engaging and enlightening academic experience I have ever had.  Professor Sandel is a treasure.
Easily the best class I've ever taken.  Professor Sandel is exemplary in his adeptness at the Socratic method; it's never about him, it's always about making the student justify his/her position.  If Professor Sandel is representative of Harvard faculty, I understand the high reputation of that establishment (if, not so much, the high pricetag).
Sandel is GREAT. Besides the fact that the class is interesting, he engages people in a way that would really help them discover something about themselves and absorb what would  otherwise be a boring lesson in comparison.
gr8
His class is pretty interesting, though it's hard not to miss the obvious liberal tilt and indoctrination. Although as a Harvard senior, I wouldn't expect anything less from this fine institution! Take him if you want an easy A and to be brainwashed.
Watched his course "Justice" on iTunesU-- a marvelous teacher with an unimposing way of teaching and a unique ability as a facilitator.
what more to say about this guy. Take and Learn.
Been watching through all the lectures for Justice available online on Academic Earth and iTunes University. Michael Sandel's lectures are fascinating and the way he facilitates class discussion should be studied in teaching school. Thank you to Harvard for sharing this class online!
Great lectures one of the best that I have had so far he is a master.
Sandel was great vs. Summers and Friedman. I look forward to taking Justice this fall.
Sandel is just about the only person who could make Philosophy interesting (to me, anyhow).  He teaches (well, taught) a class with 900 students and still managed to incorporate discussion into his lectures--and pulled it off so well!
Brilliant lecturer. His class will change the way you think about the world. He manages to have an ego without being annoying about it. I can't say enough positive things about this guy as a teacher.
Sandel is a living genius. You cannot be taught by Bentham, Sartre, Russell or Rawls - but Mr. Sandel distils their &lt;i&gt;telos&lt;/i&gt;. The man blows my mind. Take his class before he becomes too important and stops offering it!
Great teacher.  Manages Socratic method with a class of hundreds.
No Comments
One of the best profs I've had!  Lectures are inspiring and make you question your own deepest convictions, and how you justify them.
Brilliant lecturer!  Amazing command of the material, and wonderful way of letting you follow the arguments for yourself.  He's chosen the right texts and readings for this course.  Too bad section leaders can't all have his style.
Glorious lecturer; he's the physical model for Mr. Burns, but he's much more pleasant
