Professor Cabirac is a well respected, funny professor, however I would not recommend him to anyone unless they're excellent at chemistry because he moves quickly and his tests are very difficult. If you would like to maintain a decent GPA, I would recommend Professor Marks for 116 as her exams are much easier. Good luck!
Dr. Cabirac will clearly explain what you have to do in order to pass his class. Read the textbook, do the practice problems, and show up for clicker questions. He's not playing around when he tells you to sit in a quiet room and practice the problems. Like Dr. Cabirac explains, CHM 116 is a very dry course and you're going to have to put in work
He know his chem but he goes at an incredibly fast pace it is hard to keep up. Clicker questions every class, his exams (3) are really difficult and there is a lot of homework. I left most classes (if not all) feeling like I didn't learn anything and it showed in the hw. If this class is not a core requirement i wouldn't take him at all
He does go really fast during the lectures, so try to keep up. If you're having difficulties, go to the discussion sessions. Don't skip class bc clicker points can boost your grade a lot. His tests are really conception based, so don't just memorize things, try to really understand what he's saying.
His exams were super hard until I figured out that if I did all the practice problems in the book then I'd do 1000x better. I had a hard time following his lectures, but I really enjoyed him as a professor. He was super involved in our facebook group, a funny guy, and really knows his stuff.
If you took AP Chem before this then it should be a breeze. Gary is hilarious and gives a very generous curve on each midterm and for your overall grade. He makes class as entertaining as he can and is extremely understanding. Go to the discussion sessions because you basically get the test in there so no need to do the practice problems.
Come to class to get some participation points that can boost your grade by a point or two. Do the practice exams, practice problems, and the conceptual assigned problems. The tests are based off a lot of given material. Cabirac makes his lectures interesting (albeit a little heavy on future material) and cares about his students.
He is a very good professor. He knows what he talking about and trying to increase the interest of the students. He knows his exams are hard, but there is always a curve after each exam (except for the final). His class is a little tough because of a lot of materials to remember.
Chemistry is a diffcult subject, so it's not going to come easy to most of us. The test are hard but he curves all of them, cumalitive final, and the clicker questions given every class for attendence makes it pivotal to show up. Use his review videos, chads reviews, and read the chapters, and practice the problems like hell and youll do ok.
great teacher verry fair. you can pass with pure understanding on tests. or if you are just a good student he gives plenty of opportunity to get the points you need to pass. i highly recommend him
THE ABSOLUTE BEST PROFESSOR I HAVE EVER HAD AT ARIZONA STATE!!!! seriously... I'm horrible at chemistry, it never clicked &amp; he made everything so helpful and positive to every student! He communicates and keeps you updated on everything!! Most importantly he wants you to succeed! I would never take another chemistry professor!!! HE IS THE BEST!!!
Cabirac is a brilliant and engaging professor, and he wants you to succeed. He provides ALL the necessary tools to excel: practice problems, chapter outlines, PPT slides -- use everything you can (including Chad's reviews!). It'll be hard-fought, but definitely worth it. Just keep practicing and you'll do well in his class.
Cabirac is the GOAT. His tests are hard but not too bad. And you can get your lowest test revived by the final. Would HIGHLY recommend taking CabDaddy if you can.
Dr. Cabirac was well organized and explained lecture material clearly. Unfortunately, the online homework and in class questions all focus on simple calculation based problems, while the tests are largely harder conceptual questions, making them unnecessarily difficult compared to all the practice material.
Dr. Cabirac is a very strong professor and he was a very fair grader. Everything on the exams was in the lectures, just be sure to attend class for clicker points.
Dr. Cabirac is a genius! He admits the material of this course is dry but he provides so many different types of material for studying. If you apply yourself and do all the work and the suggested problems, then you will do well. You are truly learning in this class and it prepares you for the difficulty of future chemistry classes. He also curves!
I had this professor for both CHM 113 and 116. The book is not required but it explains a lot better than he does in his lectures I would get the book. The course is very test heavy and averages tend to be very low especially for 116. However he does put a big curve on every test besides the final. He makes sure everyone in his class passes.
Chemistry is going to be a tough class whoever you take it with, but he is a great professor. He curves all the exams except the final, and sometimes curves the class. Tip: be sure to go see him in office hours to prep for exams, and do his assigned problems before the exam!!
I had a heavy background in chem before I took Dr. Cabirac's course, and that may have been what saved me. Despite this, Dr. Cabirac is a wonderful professor that cares about his students. He moves fast during lecture, and utilizes clickers to the fullest. It is a lot of work outside of lecture, but that was to be expected going in.
It was very difficult to transition from CHM113 with a different prof to Dr. Cabirac's CHM116. I believe this had to do with his lecture style and sketchy exam q's. He spends too much time talking about ochem and biochem instead of the class at hand and the conceptual q's on his tests are meant to trip you up. Godspeed to future Cabirac students.
