Professor Stice is amazing. So funny, and he really cares. The class is very challenging, and he tries to trip you up on the tests. Go to the TA labs- they really help!
Stice is amazing. He's the reason I like accounting. He sets the class up so you have every single one of the tools you need to succeed, if you are willing to put in the work. Practice tests are the way to go to study for his tests. It's a hard class. But Stice makes it fun &amp; doable if you're willing to work hard. Take it from him! We all love him.
He's a really funny professor and covers the material well. Challenging class, but he gives you lots of tools to succeed: practice problems, TA help, test reviews, etc.
He's super clear about expectations and wants students to succeed. Sends out reminder emails and helps however he can. I took the hybrid course, and the in-class parts seem silly, but you need to go for credit/tests/quizzes. UNDERSTAND THE MATERIAL. Don't just speed through it; go to the lab and get the concepts down and it'll be easy.
Dr. Stice engages your attention and helps you understand why accounting is important. I struggled with the online portion of this class because it usually takes about 4 hours to complete. Exams are very difficult, but if you study a ton, really pay attention, and feel like you understand pretty much everything, you should be ok.
If you want an A in this class make sure you study a lot. Accounting 200 is not the easiest class in the world, but take it from Stice. He's super funny and he makes accounting interesting, which isn't easy. By far the best teacher to take Acc 200 from. Awesome guy.
Funniest professor that I've ever had. I thought I would hate accounting but I'm actually really enjoying it. Credit to Professor Stice.
The funniest man on BYU campus bar none. The class is easy if you just put in an iota of effort.
Professor Stice is great! He provides in-depth videos that go over many problems that are similar to exam questions. If you listen in class and put in the work when studying for exams, you'll do fine.
Stice is a tough professor. He is fun in lecture, but the tests are extremely hard and trip you up anywhere they can. One plus is that he makes extensive study guides and video walk-throughs for every problem. Don't take this business prereq first, stick with marketing.
Stice is the dopest teacher at BYU. Accounting sucks but Earl Stice is a legend and you will tell legendary stories about Stice years after taking the man. Everyone gets wrecked with other accounting teachers. Take Stice.
One of the best professors there is at BYU. Take this class and you will not only learn accounting but have a lecture you can look forward to. Stice is super nice and kinda looks like Bernie Sanders, which was great during my 2016 class.
Stice is a great professor. Acc200 was very hard, however, it is very possible to do well. Go to lectures, do the readings, do well on the quizzes. Go through the practice tests &amp; make sure you understand each question. If you do this, you will do well on the tests. Also, midterm 2 is weighted more than midterm 1, &amp; the final is weighted the most.
Hands down best professor I've had at BYU. Super funny guy and loves accounting. Go through the practice tests and video walk throughs with the answers and it helps a ton on the test.
Professor Stice is an excellent teacher. He does a great job of making difficult concepts easy to understand and is very clear on when things are due. The class requires a lot of reading and a lot of quizzes, but if you stay on top of things it's very manageable.
Prof. Stice has been my favorite professor so far at BYU. His lectures are really fun and engaging and he really cares about his students. I'm not an accounting or business major and I still highly recommend this class!
Professor Stice is the best professor at the school hands down. He is clear, concise and organized. Earl Stice is the man, the myth, the legend.
Professor Stice is one of the best Professors I have ever had. He cares about his students' success and is each student's advocate. His lectures are engaging and very funny. His humor makes a boring subject much more fun. His tests are hard, but if you study you can do well. He also curves the class after the final.
Accounting 200 was a challenging class, but Professor Stice made it as engaging as possible. He is so intelligent and entertaining, and I would recommend him to anybody. But don't take his class unless you're ready to put in effort!
STICE IS NICE! STICE IS NICE! I love this man he is the GOAT of Professors. You'll have to work for it but there's no surprises about what's going to be on the test. Homework is a necessity there are quizzes every homework assignment.
