He was the worst professor at Wake Forest Law.  I think he got off on making students feel nauseated and incompetent.  [Tips: Outline dump on the exam and ignore him when he says to use the terms "reference above" for questions on the exams you have partially already answered in a previous question...you are better off retyping answer for each ques
Incomprehensible, but a nice guy.  Teach yourself the course, as he never talks about the crux of anything.  He's always on the margins, and NEVER addressing any meaningful concepts.
You have to teach the class to yourself because most of what he focuses on in lectures is not relevant to the subject matter.  Use supplements and OUTLINE DUMP on the exam.  Regardless of what the questions are, put everything you know about Civ Pro in the answers.  I cannot stress enough that you put everything you know about Civ Pro on the exam.
Love the person; Can't stand the professor.  Better off learning from a supplement.  Go to class to see where he is at, but don't use anything he says.
i couldn't imagine a worse teacher.  avoid like the plague.
Mad Dog can be hard to understand, here are some tips to survive:  if there is a paper option, take it!!! Then you won't have to figure out what it actual material and what is vintage Mad Dog conversation.  Don't let him scare you!! He expects a lot but as long as you're prepared for class and make a reasonable effort you'll be fine.
You guys are wimps.  This man is a  genius.  If you let him...he will teach you how to be great lawyers.  If you expect that practicing law will be easier...then you are mistaken.  I wish there were more like him.
Worst professor I had in all of law school.  He might as well have been speaking Greek in class, as nothing made any sense all semester.  I highly recommend anyone taking Civ Pro I from Walker to completely ignore class notes and purchase the Arthur Miller Sum &amp; Subtance CD's, which are the only reason I got an A in the class.
George K. Walker is the bane of my existence.  Tips to survive: At the beginning of the semester, get the Arthur Miller CDs (listen to them now! don't wait till Exams).  Get the High Court Case Summaries.  75% of what he says in class is useless; reading the cases also won't help unless you already have a fundamental understanding of the sub. G/L
Nice guy out of class, but for a subject as basic as Civil Procedure, I really think a professor who can give new students a good base in the subject would be a more effective use of my money.
He teaches a lot of material for his own benefit. The reality is the subject matter is difficult enough and he makes the obscure more obscure.
Very helpful. He really teaches you to think on your feet.
Very old professor who is very hard to understand in class.
Prof Walker is very hard to understand.  He does not speak clearly and uses the same outline from 20 years ago
No Comments
