A little eccentric, but not as bad as they say. Homework's a lot of work, but get with a group of friends or go to the tutoring center and you'll be fine. Adams does talk a lot in class and it can be a little confusing, but he's just really passionate about the subject. He curves the final grade and posts grades consistently.
If you need to take phy101 dont take it with him!!!! DO NOT! His grading curve is weird. Exams are hard. He super strict on grading hw and everything is his way or the highway. No one will ever be able to get an A in that class! His class is more of a chem class than a phy class.
Luckily I learned physics in highschool good. I did not learn one thing from this class. I believe he tried to spit on my face when I went to his office hours. I do not miss his class.
Don't take if you can't pay attention. His goal is to iron out your misconceptions about physics, so most of the questions are trick questions. Know that and pay attention and you're set. The lecture was fun, with lots of examples, demonstrations, and engagement. He uses his own site. Lots of calculations on the homework. Must show your work.
This is one of those classes where you do ALL the learning outside of class and you are quizzed on it before you come into class. Lectures are basically useless, he will go over homework before it is due, but its not always done right. Test averages were about a 40-50%. The tests are all obscure conceptual questions with some actual problems.
I didn't expect that physics 101 would be this exhausting! I didn't like Admas because he is simply making EVERYTHING so complicated. He is a very TOUGH grader as well. Exams are hard with few questions (losing a lot of points). He is a little rude sometimes and straight-forward. Lots OF HW and quizzes and written HW as well. AVOID THIS CLASS.
Gary isn't all that bad. Physics is tough so no professor is going to baby you. My first professor for PHY121 was 10x less approachable and very condescending... and he is not, so I preferred him. You do have to read whats assigned or you will be entirely lost. Curved grades at the end of the semester. Lets you correct one exam problem for credit!
This professor expects you to teach yourself, class is just to go over what you "learned"
I honestly doubt he really has enough knowledge of physics. As a result, he is simply not capable of teaching. Being incapable is one thing, but not realizing it is even more horrible. Perhaps he should go to middle school or somewhere and teach some easy physics. College level is too hard for him.
Awful class. Unless you love physics and would like to spend an outrageous amount of time on a ridiculous 101 level class, avoid this professor. He loves trick q's on tests, no study guides avail. Not sure what is going on with lab TA's but they love yelling and gave calc level equations. There has to be a better way to do physics 101 than this.
Far and away the worst experience I've had in a class. There is no teaching, by design. The structure is, read the book, take a quiz, go over that quiz very briefly in class, do group practice problems. You are expected to teach yourself Physics. Scroll through the other reviews, everything negative they say is 100% accurate.
Took as non-major related class. Should have listened to bad ratings. Labs are frustrating (bad TA's year). NO TEST STUDY GUIDES, trick q's on exams! Lectures boring and are done on overhead, he is unapproachable/mocks students. TA's acknowledge math is physics 120 level. Far too challenging and irritating for 101 level. AVOID. Take at comm college
Physics is his life, literally. He has his own website that has everything you need on it. Lecture is twice a week and he is strict on grading. As long as you do all the homework and attend lecture you should be fine. It is a lot of information to keep up with you just have to stay very consistent with this class.
Clear notes, in-class experiments, well structured classes. The 2 problems in each exam are variants of the ones done in class. Drops the lowest exam plus curve. Had physics in high school but still had to study a lot! Teaches the right way, he isnt just going to give you a formula and call it a day. Labs, recitation and homework is a lot of work
Do not take this class unless you have previous experience in physics. Class average was a 61.16%, lectures are just him going over practice problems, can be condescending at times. There is a lot of homework which isnt really explained well in class. Recitations are basically pointless. If you dont already know physics then you wont pass
I read the previous comments about this teacher's classes and figured that I could tough this one out because I needed the class for my major. I am a hard worker and I tried my absolute best with this class but still got a B+. Take this professor if you are ready for hard work, otherwise I would take another professor.
I hope you've already taken physics in high school. Gary lectures A LOT of material each class, and breezes through it, so it's very fast paced. Tests are tough, but study your notes and homework assignments you'll score better (and by that I mean you'll get a B at best- these tests are tricky) Heavy curve at the end saved my life!
Gary Adams is by far the worst professor I've ever had. The TA for the recitations didn't teach us anything either. When asked a simple question Gary would just look at you and sometimes he would yell. He would be very frustrated before tests which would agitate the students. Never got higher than a D on the tests. Lectures are useless.
If you haven't taken physics before, don't expect anything higher than a C. Easily the most difficult class I've ever taken. Gary seems to know what he's doing but doesn't know how to teach his knowledge to his classes. Don't take this class if you can avoid it!
No lecture and homework is difficult. In class examples are useless. Don't take this class if you can.
