Great professor but some strange class days, definitely keeps it interesting with his "special guests"
Prof Geller is certainly unique. At the start of the term he had an interesting accent. A few classes later it seemed to wear off. Maybe he just got used to our culture. I found it a bit strange, and was going to ask him about it, but he only wanted to answer questions about paleontology. Don't miss class, because he gives a great slide show!
A great teacher! Would take again, but he's kinda weird... one time his friend came in and offered us to go with her to the movies and he told us we couldn't join. Also, a woman came in saying he was still married to her? I didn't know he was married! I thought he said he was on a break, but great teacher overall!
Hard to understand with his accent, which was heavier some days compared to others?
Class was boring, I really needed a break...
He's a good prof. He's passionate, but he kept on yelling at me for eating his sandwich???????
Funny professor, but was sort of weird, demonstrated dinosaur noises and instead of giving us a study guide/chapters to study in textbook, he told us to use unagi and we all got a B. Dont make grammatical errors or mention anything about a break or the name Rachel or else he gets really worked up.
When studying for a test he told us to use something called Unagi idk weird he also gave everyone a B on the last essay even though one girl wrote like a page only
Good professor. Not a great person. He dated my friend (who was his student) for several weeks and even went on her spring break trip. But then he dumped her for being immature?!! We water ballooned him though
I absolutely adored Professor Geller. It was by far the easiest class I have ever taken. He is sooo funny. He even had nicknames for everyone! Mine was Cutie McPretty which is funny because my name is Liz. I wonder if he will read the evaluation I sent in. &lt;3
He gave me a D for inappropriate comment I gave to his turkey sandwich.
He is a real gem
Dr. Geller is an interesting dude. He gave me a new perspective on dinosaur sounds. Always encouraged breaks during class unless it involved a student named Rachel. He kept getting this girl Emily mixed up with Rachel but other than that he was great. We already are always entertained by his drama. Overall a great man and an entertaining class.
only prof that brought bagpipes&amp;a keyboard to class. extremely passionate about dinosaurs demonstrates how they sound always there for you outside of class&amp;truly cares about students taught us unagi .. however make sure not to make grammatical mistakes/eat a turkey sandwich/mention anything about a break in class he gets pretty upset about that
very passionate about the subject, aside from the dinosaur sounds and fake British accent he would sometimes play the keyboard or bagpipes in class.. just make sure to not make grammatical mistakes on the paper because sometimes he would correct students with YOUR or YOURE  overall pretty easy A
Dr. Geller was an amazing professor. He really knows what he's talking about, and let us go to his museum exhibits for extra credit. However, he spoke a lot about his daughter Emma and about some lady who he's not really married to named Rachel. Also, some weirdo with a guitar named Phoebe preformed in class occasionally. Strange, but memorable.
Dr. Geller is probably the best professor i've had at school. Only weird thing is his fake accent. He also showed up on roller blades once. interesting dude, interesting class experience. It was pretty difficult so i think i'm gonna go on a break after taking this class.
Best professor
By far the greatest class Ive ever taken. The material is beyond boring but hes such a cool dude. Sometimes leaves in the middle of class to go to a coffee shop called central perk? I dont know pretty weird but overall a great class
Got a B since he wanted to make out with Professor Wheeler instead of read my paper. Not sure what kind of rationale this is, but he was my only choice. Avoid at all costs.
