The only people that complain about Jones are the ones who get bad grades because they didnt work hard enough. I got near 100s on the exams just from grinding through all the problems/past exams he provided us with. Go to his Q&amp;A sessions or ask him questions after lecture, hes not intimidating at all and is willing to help.
If you don't think Jones is unnecessarily hard then go look at other school's Orgo exams. They aren't even close to the difficulty of Jones' exams. Orgo itself does not have any difficult concepts, but his exams and grading will make you feel stupid. You have to hope you nail the right concept on his questions because he doesn't give partial credit
This man is very smart and is very good at lecturing. But my god, his tests are extremely difficult. If you want to do well you must go to lecture, read the textbook, do practice problems, and do past exams. But even still his class is challenge and will cause you to spend sleepless nights studying. Be prepared for a challenge.
Hardest class I've ever taken in my life. This class has pushed me to study in ways I never thought I could (8+ hours a day for a week straight before the exam). Exams are insanely difficult, but not impossible. Everything learned in lecture is just the basics. you need to spend a lot of extra time at home doing every practice problem you can find.
Lecture is based on the textbook so it is entirely possible to never go to class and still get an A, however you'd be doing yourself a great disservice because Jones is a great lecturer. Students complain about Jones because the class is hard and not because he is a bad lecturer. He gives you the framework, you have to learn and apply it.
This guy knows his stuff and does an excellent job of conveying the critical concepts and problems you will encounter in his lectures. However the difficult and expansive nature of the material means that this is a tough class. keep up with the readings, attend all lectures, do practice problems regularly and expect his tests to be TOUGH, but fair.
Professor Jones is very intelligent and definitely knows his materials. However, he's horrible at presenting the materials when it comes to his lectures. I learned more from recitation than lecture and he gives no partial credits on exams. The average for the first exam was a 49 and he blamed the students for their "all-time low" performance.
I found it really difficult to learn with him because of how fast-paced the course was. Instead of explaining concepts, he was very example-based and didn't adequately outline exceptions to the rules - he simply expects all his students to be geniuses. VERY test heavy and, since tests are only a few questions, it is difficult to do well.
Some students dislike MJ. I find him sincere, albeit demanding. Lectures cover the basics, and tests are very difficult. As such, you are forced to learn independently. It's a skill-based course - do the online practice problems and as many practice exams as you can, with time leading up to testing, and you will perform well. Textbook is secondary.
Super disorganized and poor at explaining concepts. Definitely would not recommend. He is the type to ask questions during lecture about things being taught for the first time, get annoyed when people don't know the answer, refuse to go on until someone volunteers, and get even more annoyed that the answer was wrong.
One of the toughest professors at NYU.  He REALLY emphasizes applying concepts - understand the material and do every practice exam you can find, memorizing won't cut it.  He's intimidating, but also an invaluable resource and an exceptional teacher.  Orgo hurt my GPA, but I really do have a greater understanding of chemistry thanks to him.
srsly, most brilliant prof I've had.  majors or reg orgo, def take him.  he's not easy at all and can be a v obnoxious figure during the year, but in the end you'll appreciate learning orgo from him specifically. do literally every question of his, textbook or prac exams, promise it's worth it.  also see tom, he's basically psychic w exam q's.
Dr. Jones is one of the greatest lecturers at NYU. Orgo I was an incredibly difficult course, and while the material covered in Orgo II is objectively harder, the smaller class size and access to practice problems made it much more fun! If you want to get the A in Orgo, attend every lecture + Tom's review, do practice problems and PAST EXAMS!
I made the mistake of taking him for both Organic Chemistry I and II. If you can avoid, do not hesitate. The material he teaches is irrelevant to tests. Instead, you have to analyze concepts through problems yourself
Jones is incredibly difficult. He will push you harder than you've ever been pushed. You HAVE to work hard, and you HAVE to study. But he gives you a truly deep understanding of the subject and you will walk out of this class proud of your grade.
The class is difficult, no doubt. But he is the best of the best. know one knows their stuff like prof Jones.
No partial credit. Strict grading criteria. Tests are based on picking up patterns from problems, not lectures. Regardless lectures are presented sloppily. Doesn't care. Avoid
Complicates things
if you do not want to study 10 hours a day to pass then don't take his class
do not take him! No partial credit on test questions; either you get it or not.
