Get ready to work your butt off all semester just to be one point off and not get the A you worked for as he absolutely refuses to help students grades. He makes his tests so unnecessarily hard for a 100 level class, especially when most if not all students are taking it for a GE. His lectures are very boring and you wont remember anything.
His exams made me laugh in the testing center. The proctors looked at me a little weird, but at least I can say I enjoyed the tests. Dr. Hinckley tries really hard to make class interesting and funny. I think even if you don't know classical music very well you can still learn to appreciate the story of how music evolved.
He's a fantastic professor! I took it as a term class that only met twice a week, so each class was 2.5 hours long. I was dreading music 101, but he makes it fun. He teaches with a flair and it's just a good class. He's reasonable and the grades are really easy. I'd definitely recommend!
Awesome class, loved the professor, easy extra credit and super interesting. Lectures cover the readings so one or the other but make sure to do all the assignments early as they can definitely creep up. TAKE THIS CLASS
Dr. Hinckley is awesome! He gives tons of extra credit. Even if you're not familiar with music, you can succeed because he teaches so well. If you play any instrument or sing, this class is a no brainer. The only downside is that you have to attend around 6 concerts and write about them, which takes a lot of time. Other than that, great class.
Professor Hinckley is a great music teacher! He is a good choice if you need an A for this general education class, and you will also learn so much about music from him! You will never listen to music the same way after this class.
Dr. Hinckley was very helpful in this class. He graded assignments shortly after you would submit them. He is very passionate about music and you can see that when he teaches. I highly recommend this class it was very doable. It is challenging that you do have to memorize pieces of music but he gives you opportunities to do extra credit
Look everyone says this class is easy but if you have NO MUSICAL background then it is tough. I just heard I needed to know all the songs. I am not kidding I knew all the songs perfectly and I would get solid 75% on the test. I'm not an idiot either...
The class was easy. Very easy to fall asleep so beware. He is very kind and very clear. The biggest thing is memorizing the songs for the test. If you do, you'll get an A. If you don't, easily a B or lower. Easy assignments. Remember, just make sure to memorize all the songs for the tests! That is the test! I recommend him for the GE.
This is the easiest class you will ever take. I stopped going to class after the first week and just made sure I memorized the pieces we were supposed to recognize for the test and got an A in the class.
If you have a background in music, this class will be a breeze. If not, it may be a more serious undertaking. Dr. Hinckley is a great guy who you can tell loves what he does. He wants his students to succeed and gives you the tools to do so (most organized Learning Suite I have ever seen!). It's an easy A, but also very rewarding if you let it be.
Professor Hinckley is a really great person and is very passionate about Music. He truly cares for each and every one of his students. However, if you do not have a solid background with Music, then you will spend many hours studying for each of the tests. Reasonable grading system, but it seems like a lot of time is lost in class.
Okay, I don't know how all these people got easy A's. If you don't enjoy listening to classical music and opera for hours and hours trying to remember certain composers, genres, and other stuff, dont take this class. It's a pain and unless you major in art it will not benefit you in any way. Studied for 5 hours for the first midterm and got 67%.
Professor Hinckley was one of the easiest professors that I have ever had. He gives you study guides for the test and as long as you know the selected music to be memorized, you're golden. 11/10 would recommend.
Dr. Hinckley is the perfect teacher for this class. He's so passionate about music history and is excellent at explaining stylistic changes from different eras. Going to class is optional because the book is pretty good; however, his lectures clarify really any questions you might have. Also, there are lots of opportunities to receive extra credit.
LOVE DR HINCKLEY! TAKE THIS CLASS!! Easiest A you will ever get. He is so clear in his teaching and grading, and 100% willing to help or discuss grades, etc. Tests are super easy and you always know exactly what to study. Lots of extra credit opportunities. I took it just 2nd term and it was a breeze so a semester would be literally nothing. DO IT!
Hinckley is amazing. Absolutely must take this class from him. Super accessible, not trying to trick anyone, and great instructor. I had an A but still considered dropping the class just so I could take it again. He's one-of-a-kind. And I learned a ton about music
Music 101 is dry for anyone except people obsessed with music history. Dr. Hinckley made it as interesting as it can be. I laughed a few times, fell asleep a lot of times, and got annoyed by his extra story telling about once a week. Fine class, easy A, average professor.
I LOVED THIS CLASS AND TEACHER!!! This class helped me develop a deep appreciation and passion for music, as well as the development of it. I will keep this textbook forever.
I am not a musical person but this class with Hinckley was incredible. I took it Spring semester, and finished the semester with a 101%. He gives three tests (2 mid terms and 1 final). Grading is fair, and you know exactly what to study for and how to complete assignments! You're required to memorize musical pieces and composers-just listen daily.
