Prout is hilarious and interesting. His lectures can be boring at times but go to class bc he wont post any of his slides. You dont need to do very well on the tests bc there are massive amounts of extra credit with the homework. SI sessions are a lifesaver before tests. Theres not too much reading and he drops the lowest exam grade. Good class!
Dr. Prout is a great prof. Geography of Texas was a really fun class, that was interesting and super easy as long as you took notes, paid attention, and turned things in.
His lectures resemble a very long story that never has a point and are so conversational you sometimes miss the information, but a lot of his questions come from the lecture and mastering geography so pay attention in lecture and do the mastering geography homework. Attend SI and you will be golden.
This was a great class! If you read the book, go to class, and look at the maps you should get an A. The project is fun and easy, its also a good grade booster!
Dr. Prout is a decent professor. He makes a lot of jokes and he tries to keep the class engaged. S.I. Sessions will save you in this class!! I didn't take a lot of notes and still ended with an A. If you put in some effort, you can make a decent grade. He gives lots of extra credit in the homework which helps a lot. Decent class, decent professor.
He's very passionate about geo but does not teach well. I personally never read the textbook, but a lot of his questions are super specific and from the book. Tests were pretty hard, you really need to study the maps. I went to a lot of the SI's and it helped SO MUCH, highly recommend. Homework every week, I would split work up over 3-5 days.
I showed up to every class, but if it werent for SI, I wouldn't have passed. Dr. Prout is passionate about geography, but he doesn't really tell you where countries are on maps... I figured it out from SI and test reviews. Exams were very hard, honestly I'm not sure how i did good on them. He uses random facts for questions that were not in book
I loved GEOG 305, taken for my ICD culture credit. The book is written by him so read it and use it, work hard on the project, and study hard for the tests and you will do fine. He is passionate about the subject and I enjoyed lectures, I learned a lot. He was very available for help outside of class (looking over tests). Definitely recommend!!
This class wasn't too difficult, but the test questions are extremely specific. Half of the questions are from lectures and the book, and the other half covers maps from the book. I felt the landscape project was graded pretty easy and was the main reason I was able to get a B in this class. Studying the maps harder would've gotten me an A
Do not take this professor. He doesnt answer emails, very unprofessional. Is not helpful at all. Takes forever to put grade in the grade book. Tests are so detailed &amp; specific. One of the worst professors Ive had at TAMU.
Nice prof. Stays after class if anyone has questions. He's very passionate/knowledgeable on geography, which resulted in a lot of random rambling during lecture. He has dry humor &amp; cracks jokes that often went over the class' head. All the homework is online, but plenty of extra credit. 3 exams &amp; final, but he drops the lowest test score
Go to class, and make sure to read the textbook! The textbook is very dense, but if you space out the reading you can get it all done. Make sure to attend lecture because Dr. Prout likes to pull little irrelevant information from the lecture and put it on the test. The most important thing to attend is SI it will be your saving grace!
Dr. Prout is pretty good at giving lectures, but listen closely. He sometimes throws random stuff that he's said on to tests. Also, if you're not good at remembering online homework, this probably isn't the class for you. It's tedious, but boosts your grade. If you're bad at memorizing maps, this will be a challenge. The SI sessions saved me.
unnecessary hard tests. You have to know every detail in the textbook reading. If you want an A you have to go to every lecture, read the textbook with heavy notes, and ALOT of studying. LOTS of homework. homework is annoying and takes forever. extra credit saves you. i got 75, 60, 50 for 1st 3 exams. 76 final. ended w/ B. get 300/250 on hw to help
He is not the best professor, but I would take him again. An easy C, if you do not put much effort. An okay B, if you put some effort. For an A you have to definitely work for it. Going to class is kind of pointless. Go to SI sessions, they are so helpful. Do the extra credit!! Overall, he is actually really nice when it comes to grading.
Dr. Prout is a ridiculous and incredibly boring human being. his lectures are vague and he's super quiet so sit in the front to try and hear him whisper awful jokes that no one ever gets. He makes this course way harder than it needs to be and is rude during office hours. Read the book and know where everything is for the unnecessarily hard exams
Dr. Prout is like most professors, he lectures and prepares you for his exams. You really have to go to the SI and study his mastering homework if you want to get an A in the exam. As long as you read and go to his SI for reviews before the test you will be fine and surely get an A.
Lectures are pretty boring and long. I took this as an afternoon class at 4:15 which was my first mistake. I often found myself trying to stay awake during lectures. His tests are kind of all over the place and most questions are about his lectures. Make sure to study the maps before the test as well.
Prout's tests are lecture heavy, so I would say attending class is necessary. SI is very helpful-worksheets and test reviews every week. Online Mastering Geography homework is time consuming, but he gives you opportunities for extra credit on it also. 3 out of 4 test count, final is mandatory.
Dont take him if you dont have to Lectures are boring , he doesnt respond to emails, he is so cheesy its cringy, you will have to go to SI to pass, tons of extra credit, the tests are ridiculous they are tested over general knowledge (his own words) , its easy to get an A, but you have to put so much time into this class
